the vote will take place at 11.00 a.m. tomorrow .
none of these rules will apply to third country airlines flying into the eu , rather , they will damage competition .
the next item is the joint debate on :
( sl ) i am pleased that we are also trying to raise this issue of poverty and social exclusion at the level of the european institutions. that is very important .
mr president , the visa issue is very important to all belarusians. but i would like to highlight a specific situation with regard to travel .
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see minutes
so , once more , many thanks for your support for the proposal , and my warmest congratulations to the estonian people !
we must not allow this. we shall support any action by the working-class movement against this policy .
it should be underlined again that the ombudsman ’ s inquiries often not only produce positive results for the complainants but also help to improve the quality of our administrative services .
( es ) mr president , i am going to talk about two concepts , namely coordination and flexibility .
expresses concern that , in essence , the proposal gives law enforcement authorities access to all data without a warrant ;
mr farage , your comments will be entered on the record .
( the house approved the proposal ) - before the vote on paragraph 21
subject : composition of the euro coin
i pray now for the release of all hostages. no stone should left unturned to achieve this objective .
e. the classification and labelling of preparations containing certain sensitizing substances that induce allergies , even if their quantity is below the usual classification limit .
finally , i wish to stress that we must maintain a balance between the responsibility for ensuring citizens ' safety and the protection of personal data .
we can therefore no longer support such a conservative system , that is blocking all progress towards a really durable agriculture .
the investments in the 1b system will be accepted , and the controls will produce the desired effect , provided the commission also looks at these problems as soon as possible .
mr barroso , at what stage are the preparations for this institution ? when will the institution begin its work ?
i will find out what the lithuanian parliament has adopted and then i will decide what to do. i will be in touch with you about this .
( the sitting was suspended until 11 a.m. )
i voted in favour of the new amendments , which , in the name of balance , reinstate the previous positions held by parliament .
first , the mandatory colleges for all cross-border financial institutions , with legally binding rules on how they operate , how they share information and what kind of decision-making procedures they use .
- ( da ) out of respect for the danish reservation in the legal sphere , the danish social democrats have declined to vote in the final vote concerning the directive .
this is not on an amendment but on a split vote , requested by the alde group .
now i would like to turn to some concrete points of this report to discuss them in more detail .
. mr president , i thank the rapporteur , once again , and all those who have participated in this debate .
thank you , commissioner , for your reply , which is rather diplomatic and does not fundamentally answer my question .
the vote will take place on tuesday at 12 noon .
question no 7 by mrs hautala ( h-0120 / 97 )
we are therefore facing a major challenge during a period of economic crisis in terms of encouraging employers to offer jobs to the largest minority in europe .
i declare the session of the european parliament adjourned .
the vote will be taken tomorrow at 11.00 a.m.
however , this approach must be complemented by measures on the ground .
i would like to ask mrs győri to take the floor on behalf of the vice-president of the commission and high representative .
i have already given the answer and i am not going to say what will happen after the committee of wise men give their report .
the vote will take place tomorrow , thursday , at noon .
sir leon , your contribution to this debate has been extremely interesting .
mr president , the majority of europeans are not corporate leaders and not bankers but family farmers , small entrepreneurs , state employees .
what view does the council take of the statement by the moroccan minister for internal affairs , to the effect that the referendum is to be postponed ?
a ' challenge-led ' project is characterized by :
( the president cut the speaker off )
( written declaration abbreviated in accordance with article 120 ( 7 ) of the rules of procedure )
the next item is the report ( a5-0365 / 2001 ) by maría izquierdo rojo , on behalf of the committee on women 's rights and equal opportunities , on women and fundamentalism ( 2000 / 2174 ( ini ) ) .
the role of the national bodies that will manage complaints has also been addressed , and it has been defined better .
request for the defence of parliamentary immunity : see minutes
mr president , i should like to join previous speakers in congratulating both the committee chairman , mr böge , and the rapporteur , mr medina , on their work in the committee .
mr president , naturally , we also wish you all the best for the new year .
( b5-0810 / 2001 ) by messner and mckenna , on behalf of the verts / ale group ;
the vote will take place today .
mr president , my name is schiedermeier !
thank you very much , mr vitorino , and thank you to all of you for this decision .
this is the only reason why the group of the greens / european free alliance , together with the second rapporteur from the committee on foreign affairs , withdrew the amendment on monday .
b5-0381 / 2003 tabled by margrietus j. van den berg and maria carrilho , on behalf of the pse group ;
( es ) mr president , the 1989 ' television without frontiers ' directive established that member states must not obstruct audio-visual broadcasts from other member states .
( the sitting was closed at 12.30 p.m. )
( abbreviated in accordance with rule 137 ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure )
- b5-0094 / 2004 by michael gahler , arie m. oostlander , bernd posselt , lennart sacrédeus and ilkka suominen , on behalf of the ppe-de group , on the parliamentary elections in iran ;
environmental degradation of many upland and less-favoured areas will result from diminishing sheep farming. thus the necessity to sustain this industry and contemplate environmentally-linked payments to support it .
and that is what fernand herman 's report does : it gets to work .
i voted in favour of this resolution on the return and reintegration of detainees from the guantánamo detention centre .
( the sitting was suspended at 10.25 a.m. and resumed at 11.00 a.m. )
for these reasons , i am unable to give my full support to this proposal as i would have liked .
mr president , mr president-in-office , commissioners , ladies and gentlemen , one specific but important aspect of the common security and defence policy concerns relations between the nascent european powers and nato .
it is europe 's duty not to remain silent but , again and again , to repeat and remind , and insist respectfully and firmly that russia meet its obligations .
mr barón crespo , it is not a question of shifting the responsibility on to someone. as you know , the house is sovereign , which is a principle of democracy .
in the course of developing the european research area and surmounting its fragmented nature we must pay considerable attention to our regions .
( de ) what investment incentives should be put in place to speed up the move to renewable energy sources in private households and not just in industrial and commercial enterprises ?
the next item is the continuation of the joint debate on agenda 2000 .
the next item is the report ( a4-0233 / 96 ) by mr colino salamanca , on behalf of the committee on agriculture and rural development , on
6. temporary suspension of autonomous common customs tariff duties on imports of certain industrial products into the canary islands (
what action , under article 75 ( 1 ) ( c ) of the treaty , ' measures to improve transport safety ' , has the commission taken with regard to the channel tunnel ?
colleagues , ladies and gentlemen , let us rejoice together in the freedom , peace and unity of our european continent , which we are privileged to serve .
2. eu 2020 - follow-up of the informal european council of 11 february 2010 (
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
one-minute speeches on matters of political importance
i wish to point out that the vast majority of parliament 's amendments have been integrated and incorporated into the final text and i thank parliament for its important contribution .
there are therefore three points which we should include in our message to the incoming parliament and the incoming administration of the european union .
we hope the passage of the report will also lead to early suspension of the trade sanctions imposed by the usa , which operate in quite arbitrary and unrelated sectors .
the vote will take place today at 12 noon .
we accepted paragraph 8 since we support a sensible rationalisation of working languages for essential cross-border cooperation between professionals such as judges and prosecutors on matters like extradition warrants .
which is multilingual and has web tv with several channels , similar to the one launched , i am glad to say , by the european parliament .
question no 46 by inger schörling ( h-0007 / 98 )
but the item on the conditions of detention of political prisoners in djibouti is still in , mr wurtz. do not worry .
amendment 3 tidies up the method for submitting data even when they are provided voluntarily , which makes it vital .
these are the main issues covered in the bontempi report .
22 . 2012 draft budget trilogue (
agenda of the next sitting : see minutes
are member states ' road-building plans sufficient to accommodate the additional volume of traffic ?
– τhe next item is one-minute speeches on matters of political importance .
the european parliament cannot support the world bank 's practice of denying aid to tobacco-related projects without taking the same position in the eu .
but have we created a modern service that is more than a 28th national diplomatic service ? what is the added value of the european external action service ?
i therefore give the floor to mr fischler .
i should like to ask the president of the european council to show the dutch language rather more respect than he has done up to now .
subject : turmoil in global financial markets
on 27 december 2007 , hu jia was placed under house arrest on charges of inciting subversion. on 3 april 2008 , he was sentenced to three-and-a-half years in prison .
mr president , given this debate - and it is clearly a very important one - maybe a compromise would be to put tourism first .
intergovernmentalism and lack of transparency is not the way to convince european citizens of our determination to win the war against organized crime .
your role in the drafting of the charter of fundamental rights should not be underestimated , and this is an issue of relevance to all european citizens .
– our position on the commission is abundantly clear ; we voted against it because we object to its profoundly neoliberal agenda , as we have highlighted on many occasions .
liability must be full and complete and the court or tribunal must judge and decide freely , on the basis of the real nature of each disaster .
i hope that the subsidiarity principle , which is subject to special attention from the european legislator , is increasingly fulfilled and respected by all european decision makers .
we wish to tighten up the report by adopting amendments nos 2 and 3 and so making these constitute parliament 's position .
i declare resumed the session suspended on thursday , 12 march 2009 .
( the sitting was closed at 12.55 p.m. )
versailles has become the prime location for abdicating french sovereignty , bearing in mind that the german empire was proclaimed there .
thus i believe that it should be made compulsory for assisting spouses to join the social protection system , and a framework of minimal guarantees should be established .
the following members are appointed as tellers :
chernobyl , khmelnitsky and rovno 4 nuclear reactors
. i should like to take advantage of the vote to point out the following :
the next item is the report by mr karim , on behalf of the committee on international trade , on an eu-india free trade agreement .
the next item is the debate on the general budget of the european union for the financial year 2003 .
( explanation of vote abbreviated in accordance with rule 170 of the rules of procedure )
why are we surprised about the low growth in europe , social problems and the people 's mistrust ?
member of the commission . - mr president , the commission is fully aware of the high risks of polychlorinated biphenyls ( pcbs ) for human health and the environment .
i will now put to the vote the request to postpone the debate on the report by mr orlando .
thank you for your excellent work , mrs kinnock , and congratulations on your report .
the committee believes that a common institutional policy is needed for harmonising european research and higher education , together with significantly stronger support by the eu for the universities .
the vote will take place in april .
the vote will take place today , thursday , 25 november 2010 , at 12 : 00 .
for these reasons we ask you to vote against the d 'ancona report .
3. exercise of implementing powers conferred on the commission (
mr president , i would like to take advantage , as mr schulz has done , of my right as a member of parliament and to take the floor briefly .
the report by mrs alvarez on administrative cooperation in the field of taxation ,
mrs frahm , you asked to take the floor. are you speaking for or against the request for urgent procedure ?
i have received six motions for resolution ( 1 ) tabled under rule 108 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure .
mr wieland has five minutes ' speaking time on behalf of mrs palacio vallelersundi .
these guinea pigs are the forgotten people of pharmacovigilance and it is important to remember this and mention it .
i know it is potentially unfair but may i thank john hume in particular for the work he has put in .
we are in favour of full equal rights , including political rights , for everyone living and working in the european union , whether citizens of a member state or third-country nationals .
subject : approved state aid to the hunosa mining company
mr schulz , i am delighted that the social democrats are showing increasing agreement with what i have to say about turkey , ...
i shall start with a short announcement .
finally , i would like to underline our support for the creation of a european pension fund with the participation of the different economic sectors and the pension providers .
i therefore ask the commission to clarify its position on supplementary measures .
the recent reforms of the social security system in greece fall within the national sphere of competence. is the commission , nevertheless , carrying out an assessment of them ?
i appreciate why you are making this request , but i am afraid the rules are very strict and i cannot allow it .
the directive we are to vote on , by extending the field of implementation of the initial directive , will cover the following :
mr president and honourable members , i am extremely grateful to the members who participated in this debate .
is the group of the european people ’ s party ( christian democrats ) and european democrats maintaining its proposal ?
i would , therefore , ask you to do all you can to enhance the export of equipment for nuclear power stations , services and engineering .
thank you , commissioner. it is a great pity that the many speakers who have left the house did not hear your excellent answers .
b5-0213 / 2001 by mrs fraisse and others , on behalf of the gue / ngl group , on the situation in afghanistan , including the destruction of the cultural heritage ;
. uk conservative meps are sympathetic to the thrust of the bouwman report but have voted against amendment nos 13 and 14 , as well as some other amendments .
mr president , i wish to begin by congratulating both the commission and the rapporteur on a really excellent report on a very important subject .
we will , in future , be forced to make other , even more painful decisions .
additives other than colours and sweeteners
the national and european political authorities must therefore impose public service constraints on all these operators , whatever their origin , for example :
good company law and good corporate governance are essential to the job security of all employees and to the protect the future of members of company pension schemes .
above all , we need to wage this battle together , as a family , without considering the differences between us , but helping each other to overcome this problem .
before the vote on amendment 2 , part 2 :
mr president , i am sure that if whoever was in the chair started on time , members would soon realise that they had to be here on time !
before the vote on amendment no 2
i should like to thank all of you who have waited so long !
finally , as we know , music is not a commodity. that is why we all have a duty to protect and reinforce creativity in europe .
even though this might be only the tip of the iceberg of the unemployment problem in lithuania , the financial support will help those in most need .
in both cases , the interventions by commissioner barrot are considered to be catalytic , although so far , in the second case , the issues pending still remain .
efforts should be aimed at encouraging iran to return to talks concerning long-term arrangements resolving the nuclear issue .
the next item is the debate on six motions for resolutions on the situation in guinea .
the vote will take place on tuesday at 12.30 p.m.
the next item is the vote .
mr president , i should firstly like to thank you and say what a pleasure it is to work under your chairmanship , which is so good for this parliament .
- before the vote on amendment 1
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
questions which have not been answered for lack of time will be answered in writing ( see annex ) .
so much " spam " email is sent. why do the governments want to preserve spam ?
( ga ) madam president , without a doubt , this is a much more important question than the publicity it will receive .
europe should therefore forcefully voice its concerns because a military , nuclear power could jeopardise the continent 's security and have significant political consequences for all the countries in the region .
– b5-0017 / 2004 by mr corrie and others , on behalf of the group of the european people 's party ( christian democrats ) and european democrats , on burundi ;
obviously , microbicides could revolutionise aids prevention throughout the world. current clinical trials are already showing positive results , but this requires funding .
written statements ( rule 142 of the rules of procedure )
( es ) first of all i would like to congratulate the rapporteurs on their excellent reports , but i am mainly going to discuss the lefrançois report .
immigration policy regarding nationals of third countries ;
we take note of how you voted , which will be corrected .
we note the enthusiastic support of the commission and mrs bonino , and thank her for it .
one example is the following statement in the report :
as the president deemed the motion admissible , however , and put it to the vote , i did vote , and did so in favour of censure .
madam president , this is not a good time for motherhood , but even less so for fatherhood .
6. eu research and innovation funding (
on a humanitarian level , the situation is worsening , as is shown by the cholera epidemic that is spreading and threatening zimbabwe 's neighbouring countries .
i thank the rapporteur for his work and for accepting this amendment , because i am convinced that we share this concern .
i declare voting suspended to make way for the formal sitting .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
madam president , i would like to welcome this report and congratulate mr schwab on its development .
7 , 8 , 9 , 11 , 13 , 14 , 19 , 24 , 29 , 34 , 41 , 42 , 44 , 45 , 46 , 76 , 77 , 78 , 80 , 82 , 88 , 92 , 99 , 102 , 113 , 117
( the president cut off the speaker )
explanations of vote - parliament ' s calendar of part-sessions - 2001
question no 33 by mrs mary banotti ( h-0409 / 97 )
one can only agree with mr sakellariou 's report and his broad encouragement for a community partnership with the mediterranean states on matters of security , stability and economics .
we are voting against the conciliation committee 's joint draft of the european parliament and council regulation on novel food and food ingredients .
mr president , i wish to begin by thanking all those who have contributed to this debate and , above all , baroness ludford for her excellent contribution .
mr president , i must begin by congratulating the rapporteur , philip charles bradbourn , on the effort he has put into producing this report throughout its negotiation .
i should like to thank all the listed committees , in particular the committee on culture and education and its rapporteur mr takkula for his efforts , combining determination and modernisation .
the european union cannot treat such matters as if all this were just a matter of delicate diplomatic procedures. we simply have to take this matter very seriously .
the next item is the final version of the draft agenda as drawn up by the conference of presidents pursuant to rule 110 of the rules of procedure .
many engulfed in an ocean of sadness .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
on a personal level , may i add that we will save time by involving national parliaments , as they are sovereign in terms of taxation and budgetary matters .
the vote will be taken tomorrow at 11.30 a.m.
i have received four motions for resolutions to close the debate , in accordance with rule 108 ( 5 ) . ( 1 )
the time has now come , i believe , to inform the recipients of our development aid that excess spending on military budgets will be directly reflected in reduced development aid .
the transport sector is where europe is experiencing the most difficulties .
many african countries have not responded to their obligations to deliver good governance. it is not surprising if there is no strong message on this from eu interlocutors .
the honourable member wished to return to the previous question. he should do so within the allotted time .
we must continue to be very active in encouraging movement on both sides .
it is also considering legislation on credit-rating agencies. in this context , a public consultation was launched at the end of july 2008 .
the only purpose of this report is to justify an economic system which is irrational , anarchic and socially unjust .
madam president , commissioner , trafficking in human beings is a harsh reality in the eu .
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
in writing . - ( pt ) this report on the follow-up of the territorial agenda and the leipzig charter contains aspects which we consider important .
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on thursday 6 july 2006 .
secondly , there is the area of e-learning. it has been pointed out how important this is for the objective of making europe a knowledge-based economy .
i call on the council and the commission to give these demonstrators strong support in further proceedings and , in particular , to vigorously oppose the brutal iranian regime .
i would therefore like to welcome our friends from south africa .
i declare the session of the european parliament adjourned , and i wish you all a merry christmas and a happy new year 2005 .
i decided to vote in favour of the hieronymi report because it includes many advances in the area of television broadcasting .
commissioner , i would like to stress certain points which you must take into account in the council 's final decision on reform of the common organisation of the wine market .
pension equality for senior citizens is a worthy goal , and i am proud to support this report .
we shall now proceed to the vote .
. although the commission ’ s report was well-founded , its recommendations of 6 october no longer required turkey to recognise the armenian genocide of 1915 .
the title of the poem is ' the message from mother india to the european union ' .
voting against this report should not , of course , be construed as any show of hostility towards the representation of women in politics .
before the sitting is closed , i would like to thank the interpreters for their generous cooperation this evening , since we have exceeded the time allotted .
countries which have recognised the taliban should be pressed to break off relations to increase the pressure .
i think that proper political dealings with moscow will only be able to start again in january , after the elections , and maybe not even before august .
election of quaestors of the european parliament ( deadline for submitting nominations ) : see minutes
with regard to things that are happening today , in another camp of displaced people , rather than being protected , women have been raped and are being prevented from reaching …
new technologies open up the possibility of utilising nuclear reactors as emission-free heat sources to achieve the stated aims of the coal industry .
question no 15 by staffan burenstam linder ( h-0886 / 96 )
i therefore hope , madam high representative , that you will heed the recommendation that manpower be freed up for this purpose .
the spanish are always courteous , and in the case of mr medina ortega this is socialist courtesy too , for which i am obliged .
organising the eastern partnership summit for this autumn and setting up the euronest parliamentary assembly are promising signs indicating that these guidelines are being implemented .
emphasises the need to amend the european union 's economic policies so that all women , men and children can live with dignity and without the threat of poverty ;
we have the option of discussing this at the conference of presidents , or , under the rules , you may press for a vote on it now .
mr president , i would firstly like to thank the rapporteur for all his work and , above all , for his great willingness to seek solutions to possible problems .
once again my warm thanks go to the consultative committee , which carried out splendid work from the viewpoint of parliament and , particularly , from that of the farmers .
the logic of this is so basic , but politicians worldwide are having difficulty seeing it .
in spite of the appalling attacks by the left , the plenary remained clearly on the side of freedom. this is reason to be pleased and hopeful .
however , the views and the input of the european parliament are extremely important to us and will be a determining factor .
9. cloning of animals for food supply ( vote )
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
in these special circumstances , mr president , your visit is very welcome and parliament therefore has a great interest in hearing what you have to say to us .
the joint debate is closed .
mr president , some claim that we should leave aside the issue of recognition of the state , when speaking about kosovo , and instead deal with recognition of the reality .
at the summit we also had a good discussion on a number of international issues , including the middle east , on which we agreed a joint statement .
mr staes , thank you for informing me that you received the documents last night. i can only ask mr caudron to check his mail .
the foregoing is the reason for our vote .
mr president-in-office , i wish you every success and hope that you will harvest the fruits of these efforts before the end of your presidency .
i think that the introduction of ecvet will make a major contribution to the creation of a european labour market , as long as the associated administrative burdens are eased .
mr president , first i want to thank the rapporteurs for their excellent reports which considerably improve the commission 's proposal .
europe and japan : the next steps
the vote will take place today , wednesday 11 march .
( es ) mr president , the commission 's work programme for 2008 states that the citizen is and should be the core of the european project .
the vote will take place on thursday , 13 october 2005 .
i will therefore willingly give them more speaking time. as you know , we will be voting at 11.30 a.m. and the debate will be continued this afternoon .
as politicians , we are elected to set policy and not to displace experts in other professional fields , for example , veterinarians , technicians , etcetera .
they have already been voted upon .
mr president , in the short time i have available , i would like to mention one of the key projects of the trans-european energy network .
i should like to offer my congratulations on the excellent work carried out by mr de grandes pascual .
subject : support for film productions through tax breaks in the united kingdom
b5-0424 / 2001 by olivier dupuis and others , on behalf of the tdi group , on the situation in afghanistan ;
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on 7 october 1999 .
i apologise to the honourable member because i was immediately told off for pronouncing his surname incorrectly , which is botòpoulos and not botopoùlos , i apologise again .
i would like to thank the vice-president of the commission for the warm welcome and i understand we are both political people .
unfortunately , it is the workers of the european union who are likely to pay the price for the current inaction of our institutions .
( de ) mr president , it sometimes happens that unfortunate events make things take a turn that we would not have wished .
in particular can the presidency report to parliament on the progress made with regard to the cap ' health check ' and the animal health strategy ?
the european united left has three main areas that we would like particularly to highlight :
the treaty of rome says the community exists for the well-being of its citizens. the health of our citizens must take precedence over the profits of multinational companies .
thank you very much , mr falconer. that will be noted .
( the sitting was suspended for a few minutes )
- the report by mr el khadraoui ( a6-0403 / 2005 ) , on behalf of the committee on transport and tourism , on developing the agenda for the community ’ s external aviation policy ( 2005 / 2084 ( ini ) ) ; and
what is more , this is not an isolated case. the commission and parliament have developed very good working relations in the field of election observation in general .
- ( fr ) i congratulate mr maaten on his excellent report on means to assist economic actors in switching to the euro .
mrs van dijk makes certain allegations and , as she says , it is here in parliament that we should exchange views on these matters .
also , in this case , the resolution congratulates the european commission on its speedy reaction , but special emergency aid will probably be necessary .
( it ) mr president , ladies and gentlemen , in extraordinary times such as these we are living through , we must adopt extraordinary measures .
that would appear to be the position , commissioner .
we must proclaim the fundamental rights of each and every one of us. the european union is endowed with a charter of fundamental rights .
i would like to make three brief comments on the impact of the monetary policy , the need for financial integration and the future composition of the management board .
( the president declared the common position approved )
there are serious challenges to be highlighted :
the next item is the vote .
i have received eight motions for resolutionstabled in accordance with rule 110 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
i consider that the facilitation of family reunion , as a factor of economic and social integration , should constitute an essential aspect of the legal immigration policies .
that is what the citizens of albania expect , and they are right. democratically elected representatives must act as such : represent the people and find democratic compromise .
i would like to support the commissioner in that the european commission should be more active in this policy than it has been hitherto .
. mr president , this is the eleventh time that we have been given a non-positive statement of assurance .
as for biofuels , it is a provocation to use food products for energy and not to feed the hungry when millions of people are starving to death .
this report forces us to face our responsibilities and that is why i voted in favour of it .
subject : banking sector in border areas
as with many compromises , this text provides its share of advances and disappointments .
the present government is combating the unregulated binding relationship between politics and economics , using every legal instrument permitted in a european constitutional state .
we will make sure it corresponds with the correct articles in the draft treaty .
( fr ) mr president , we wish the following phrase to be added to point a :
children abducted by one of their parents
mr alavanos also requests the floor for a procedural motion .
the eu is currently developing its activities in partnership chiefly with important countries of origin and transit countries in order to combat the illicit drug trade .
written declarations included in the register ( rule 123 ) : see minutes
let us fill that accidental gap with a clear mind .
mr watson , you may rest assured that the presidency will ensure that the rights of all the groups are fully respected .
the vote will take place on tuesday at 11.30 a.m.
not all financial innovation is benign. it is baffling therefore to hear that fresh regulation is bad because it would stifle financial innovation .
would the president-in-office not agree that jobs will be jeopardized in the travel industry on the abolition of duty-free .
indeed , thirty years on from 1968 , the disastrous consequences of ' sexual liberation ' are becoming ever clearer .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
in voting on the nordmann report , the european parliament is initiating a salutary arrangement with regard to transparency and the financial interests of its members .
2. wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors (
( for details of the outcome of the vote : see minutes )
effective measures need to be introduced to prevent the formation and activities of violent groups in europe and collaboration between such groups .
. we reaffirm our ongoing solidarity with the cypriot people in their fight against military occupation by turkey and in their struggle for their country to be reunified .
the vote will take place on wednesday , 25 november 2009 .
- before the vote on amendment 6 :
in this way , european citizens will see europe as being closer to them , a europe that addresses their problems , concerns and interests .
ladies and gentlemen , we have here a piece of draft legislation that the commission and the european parliament regard as an important initiative .
i declare adjourned the session of the european parliament. thank you for your cooperation .
at the conclusion of this debate i have received five motions for resolutions tabled in accordance with rule 115 of the rules of procedure .
the european union must therefore , as a matter of urgency , draw up a joint code clearly setting out its principles and methods .
similarly , we regard the death penalty for the most serious crimes and abortion as conscience issues and have no stated policies either way .
3. guidelines for the 2012 budget - other sections (
climate , mr davies , is what we all have to put up with .
mr president , i should like to welcome both commissioners to the house and thank them for their time and assistance .
we call on you , mr president , together with commissioner ashton , to take immediate action to stop this ordeal .
the rapporteur ’ s concern that representatives of the sector should participate in the various phases of the decision-making process must also be given priority .
the following questions are addressed to the commission .
. we voted against amendment no 7 , the author of which – with his outdated and chauvinistic ideas – would like to slam the eu ’ s door shut to turkey .
i therefore decided to support this report .
the vote will take place on thursday at 12.00 noon .
i therefore voted in favour of the laperrouze report .
we have therefore voted against parliament 's report on the treaty of lisbon .
that concludes the statements on the vote .
pursuant to the rules of procedure , question 47 , tabled by mr howitt , shall be answered in writing .
the next item is question time ( b4-0170 / 97 ) .
finally , commissioner , i thank you for your cooperation with the committee on women 's rights and gender equality during your mandate .
the next item is the extraordinary debate on the european convention .
mr nordmann has done his job well , admittedly sometimes creating the feeling in some of his colleagues that he has something of a taste for ' liar 's poker ' .
we therefore consider this report unacceptable. it does not examine the causes in depth , or seek solutions .
we shall proceed to the one-minute speeches of political importance .
the hungarians in romania , the people i represent , are such a case .
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
the vote will take place at the end of this afternoon ’ s debates .
i should therefore like , before i go on to give my comments as a representative of the socialist group , to make three comments on behalf of mr elles .
the minutes of thursday 25 october have been distributed .
president. before we start on the order of business , mr brok has the floor for a personal statement .
b5-0120 / 01 by mrs jillian evans , mrs frassoni and mr gahrton , on behalf of the verts / ale group , on freedom of expression in pakistan ;
so let us make it simple , keep it simple , but let us not do away with this solidarity fund .
( ro ) thanks to the successful implementation of the european economic recovery plan , we will notice a slight improvement next year , in 2010 , for the european union 's member states .
we shall suspend the debate on the aldo report at this point ; it will be resumed in the afternoon .
illegal immigrants to the eu include a number of minors whose future residence and education on european territory are uncertain and are not based on common standards .
thank you , mrs thors. we have taken note of your comments on the swedish versions of the amendments. that will be looked into .
subject : blocking of the meda regulation by one of the 15 member states
mr president , mr bartenstein , energy dependence is priority number one. the security of the energy supply will be keeping us very busy in future .
( the sitting was closed at 11.35 p.m. )
i cannot see any group chairmen or women , so this item is closed .
this was not a recent issue : years before , the commission and parliament had taken the decision not to hire freelance interpreters over the retirement age of their own staff .
that sounds reasonable. i now propose the sitting be suspended .
by the way , this was quite clearly expressed at the last summit .
i can assure you that the european liberals fully support the enlargement process which is now starting , and that we want to see quick and speedy results .
12. generalised tariff preferences for the period from 1 january 2009 to 31 december 2011 (
member of the commission . - ( cs ) ladies and gentlemen , a debate concerning such an important subject is bound to touch on other topics that are directly or indirectly related .
sudan has to realise that it must cooperate with the united nations in order to be fully accepted into the international community .
personally , i would like to see parliament and the committee on agriculture and rural development fully involved in the whole agenda 2000 process .
as usual , the at first sight laudable intentions of a european parliament report turn out to conceal the worst .
thirdly , it is calling on the commission to draw up a white paper on possible developments in eu citizenship .
mr president , i should like to thank the rapporteur for her work .
ladies and gentlemen , before proceeding to the vote , i would like to make a brief announcement , because today we commemorate the sixth european day for the victims of terrorism .
- ( de ) experience shows that the economic operators want to have the option of paying import duties in the place where their headquarters in the union is located .
while it all seems purely to do with technical matters , there are nonetheless considerable political implications .
the vote will take place at the end of the debates .
approval of minutes of previous sitting : see minutes
you are no longer my favourite commissioner , mr monti , but you can change that if you give me the right answer tonight !
following the recent discussions between the commission and the south korean trade ministry , can the commission outline the state of play of the eu-korea fta negotiations ?
if that is an official request for referral , we will have one member speak in favour and one against and then the house will decide .
entry into force of the ban on a date earlier than that desired by the commission , that is to say 2010 instead of 2011 ,
this issue is under discussion and we are using the appropriate european means to determine which method is the most effective for achieving the goal in question .
i share the rapporteur 's concerns about the concentration of ownership and control of television broadcasting , since i see these developments as a challenge to pluralism and cultural diversity .
i find it regrettable that we are not permitting any impact assessment of the agreement now reached .
with regard to this , i thank the rapporteur for his support , because i think it is important that we defend this constructive proposal for employment together .
- before the vote on amendment 990
on behalf of the ppe-de group . - ( ro ) thus , cross-border crimes have increased and the judicial system must adjust to the new situation .
( it ) with this vote , the european parliament has expressed its confidence in the european ombudsman , whose mandate will last until the end of our parliamentary term .
this is even more difficult to understand in view of the threat to biodiversity posed by a possible raising of the moratorium on genetically modified organisms .
furthermore , symbols help us to remember where we came from , that day when our story of unity , growth and freedom began to be written .
statute of the european ombudsman ( debate )
subject : protection of eu citizens in muslim countries
however , your comments will be passed to the president of parliament so that he is fully aware of the position and wishes of this house .
( the sitting was suspended at 11.35 a.m. and resumed at 12.05 p.m. )
we have noted that , mr sarlis .
( the sitting was closed at 0.10 a.m. )
it would in addition be a good thing if the commission could carry out an in-depth study on individuals actually encountering problems as regards recognition .
in conclusion , let me take this opportunity to add my congratulations to the new health commissioner , mrs vassiliou .
question no 13 by ulla sandbæk ( h-0243 / 99 )
we ultimately abstained on the resolution , on account of its contradictory aspects in relation to our positions of principle .
the next item is the joint debate on the commission statement on the use of passenger personal data
7 ) the promotion of an internal market for the cinema with the issue of a new directive .
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on thursday , 12 february 2004 . ( 1 )
mr president , i addressed the rex committee on this subject on 13 july and the issue was subsequently debated at the general affairs council of 26 april .
i will now ask for two statements. i will ask for a statement from one person who would like to support the proposal. mrs bowles , you have the floor .
i would like this to be recorded in the minutes .
i am sorry , mr susta. what is going on ? in this house we do not allow any kind of intimidation of other members. please leave the chamber .
- a group of 2 amendments is only partially acceptable ( amendments no 36 and 37 ) .
i would now like to give the floor to my colleague , mrs ferrero-waldner .
one-minute speeches on matters of political importance
22. effective enforcement of judgments in the eu : the transparency of debtors ' assets (
madam president , i would like to talk about an item on the agenda for wednesday , which you have not yet announced .
i therefore voted against the report .
sir , that may well be the case , but that is not a point of order .
what pilot projects and training actions are scheduled to be carried out in 2008 ?
the presidency will therefore continue to keep a watchful eye on developments in nigeria .
- a contact group would be set up with the participation of the member states and the tourist operators
question no 34 by mr francisco sanz fernández ( h-0421 / 97 )
for all these reasons , we do not feel that the report before us today is appropriate .
it gives me great pleasure to hear that , mr walter !
( the sitting was suspended at 11.50 and resumed at 12.00 )
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
on the 200th anniversary of the birth of fryderyk chopin , the polish composer , let us show the world that great music and culture was born on this continent .
sittings of 12 to 16 may 1997 at strasbourg
in writing . - the european parliament ,
ladies and gentlemen , it is a pleasure to listen to the report of the president-in-office of the council .
finally , these objectives presuppose that europe makes its mediterranean policy a budget priority .
the commission cannot accept amendments nos 1 , 2 and 3 as adopted by the committee on the environment , public health and consumer policy .
however , according to a subsequent court ruling , work can continue on the project pending a final ruling .
mr schmit , on behalf of the council , you have the floor .
the following questions are addressed to the council .
one minute each , and that is it. apologies to the rest of you .
the vote will take place today at 12 noon .
i also put to the vote mrs theorin 's proposal to postpone the vote to the november ii part-session .
subject : reallocation of financial resources in the regional and cohesion funds
insurance supervision is an important issue. the sustainability and solvency of insurance companies is a crucial issue for the reassurance of consumers on a whole range of matters .
mr christodoulou 's report ( a4-0296 / 98 ) will also be put to the vote tomorrow , since the deadline for tabling amendments was only yesterday evening .
mr president , the council meets this week to discuss a number of important issues that are going to resonate into the next presidency .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
by keeping payment appropriations at 1.01 % of eu gni , parliament has achieved a slight increase on last year ’ s figure .
this kind of thing must be combated , and a joint resettlement programme by no means offers a solution .
i should like to say , in conclusion , that my group supports the position of the committee on the environment , public health and consumer protection .
therefore , we need to make cohesion policy more efficient and the individual projects more sustainable .
the final point that i would like to make is that we must ensure adequate protection for coastal fishing communities in third countries and thus guarantee their food safety .
question no 58 by ludivina garcía arias ( h-0162 / 99 )
i welcome them here and extend to them my best wishes for successful work with us .
( for the outcome and other details of the vote : see minutes )
from its past citizens in the fields of music , dance , the arts and literature it takes pride in the new generation of activists in these areas .
question hour with the president of the commission
if this does not happen , the public will feel increasingly frustrated about the concerns they express to the committee on petitions regarding the various problems that exist .
we should also consider policy actions in yemen and bahrain. as for yemen , we have a standing agreement on arms exports ; we should consider suspending this agreement .
question no 39 by david bowe ( h-0682 / 96 )
firstly , the european union must begin a dialogue with all of the parties , including hamas , in order to promote a stable unity government .
the information supplied to patients should fulfil the following main characteristics :
mr president , a few words on china to begin with , since so many speakers have talked about china .
lastly , cancellation. this goes against the principles established by the oecd in 1980 .
we are therefore talking about a formal and fully regulated competence .
mr president , i would like to thank the president-in-office and the commission for their statements this afternoon and mr spencer for his report .
there is another subject that the european council dealt with , namely the crisis in japan , in particular the nuclear situation .
mr preda , i am sorry but i think you have read the wrong oral amendment. you have two , could you try the other one. that would be helpful .
mr president , a protectionist sugar fortress europe amounts to theft from the poorest people in africa. it prevents poor farmers from earning their own income by exporting to europe .
b5-0448 / 2000 by sauquillo pérez del arco and schori , on behalf of the pse group ;
- before the vote on amendment 21
i promise that i shall do everything within my power to ensure that you receive an answer .
finally , he has emphasised the importance in this regard of the role of politics : of political circles and institutions .
( the sitting was closed at 9.15 )
the next item is the council and commission statements on iran .
thirty-three women belonging to the mourning mothers of iran , whose children have been killed , disappeared or detained in post-election violence , are being harassed .
i abstained from the vote on the compromise resolution concerning the results of the brussels summit .
mr president , just to say that unlike mr poettering i am not listed , yet i am absolutely sure i signed in and took part in the debate .
all of that demonstrates that the world is a safer and better place when the european union and the world 's most formidable power work in harmony .
an eu with turkey as a member state will entrench values of multiculturalism and understanding between different religions and therefore strengthen all communities .
the next item is the topical and urgent debate .
for these reasons , we have decided to abstain on this report .
mr santini , that will be corrected .
i think it is a shame that we have lost the original concept of free circulation of goods and services in favour of harmonisation , which reduces consumer choice .
subject : eu structural funds - funding exclusion
the next item is the commission communication on progress reports on the countries which have applied for accession .
as a blood donor myself and a supporter of the cause of blood donation , i therefore voted in favour of this report .
president-in-office of the council . - madam president , thank you for inviting the hungarian presidency to participate in this debate on rising food prices .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
( explanation of vote abbreviated in accordance with rule 137 ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure )
relations with turkey are too important to be founded on the hypocritical act of helsinki !
it is a key task to support the employment of older workers , particularly through greater flexibility in employment law relationships and the correct adjustment of pension systems ;
at the same time , we must improve road safety in order to reduce the number of deaths on european roads .
reduction of vat on labour-intensive services
( the sitting was closed at 12 noon )
there are certain amendments , however , which the commission cannot accept , such as no 3 , no 4 , no 8 and no 9 .
( the sitting was closed at 11.50 p.m. )
we will try to do that , mrs díez de rivera icaza .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
the vote will take place during the may i part-session .
mr president , my reaction will indicate how much work i put into this report .
what measures will the current presidency take to encourage action by member states ?
this matter should be considered at the intergovernmental conference . '
( the sitting was suspended at 11.30 p.m. )
the minutes of yesterday ' s sitting have been distributed .
( the sitting was suspended at 1.12 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
moonlighting is a menace to the european economy , all the more so within the context of the current economic crisis .
religion must remain a private affair and secularism must be the rule in public affairs .
we also warmly welcome the processes or the agreements concerning health policy. now we need to get on with the programme and negotiate !
we also approve of the fact that the commission is represented , not by one commissioner , but by two , who as it happens are both perfectly qualified for that task .
7. ship inspection and survey organisations ( vote )
the vote will take place on 28 january at 9 a.m.
recommendation for second reading by mr van dam ( a5-0469 / 2001 )
the next item is the joint debate on the following four recommendations for second reading :
the following are some of the other important aspects that should be underlined :
1. we are urged ( paragraph 17 ) to abolish the death penalty. however , the three facts are omitted :
b5-0550 / 2002 by mr vinci , on behalf of the gue / ngl group , on the situation in nepal ;
the next item is the commission statement on the suspension of the wto doha round .
we cannot have two weights and two measures when it comes to the health , the stability and the future of our children .
( the sitting was closed at 10.55 p.m. )
. broadly speaking , i am in favour of the adoption of this document .
i would like his initial comment on the above two issues. as for my basic question , thank you , it has been covered .
i apologise for the length of time i have taken up but , naturally , i wanted to give the house the most comprehensive information .
what action will the commission take to reduce the flow of counterfeit products from russia and china ?
sea piracy is a criminal act that not only threatens seafarers ' lives but also disrupts legitimate trade and even humanitarian aid .
i respect the honourable member but think he will do me the credit of knowing that i do not have to take lectures on human rights from anybody .
( parliament agreed to accept the oral amendment )
mrs ashton , the european union must focus particular attention on the conflict in kyrgyzstan , provide humanitarian aid and get involved in stabilising the situation .
so i ask you to let us clear these ethical mines from the research framework programme and make the programme we adopt a responsible one .
for this reason the neighbourhood policy must help to create the right climate for the resolution of conflicts such as the one in the southern caucasus .
should the situation continue , the european union must , as a matter of urgency , make representations to the ugandan authorities and rethink its involvement with uganda .
thank you , mr lópez garrido , secretary of state for european affairs in the spanish government. thank you. now mr barroso has the floor .
the commission must be aware of the problem of forced and illegal child labour in the cocoa industry .
with the aim of updating directive 94 / 25 / ec ( 16.06.1994 ) , the european commission has decided to keep up with technological developments in engines and the most recent environmental protection requirements .
we have set a positive process in motion and the enemies of the european union are already aware of this ; we must therefore step up our efforts .
thirdly , is it true that the eurostat auditors informed you that they had serious doubts about the data provided by athens ?
first , the very serious matter of the intensification of the working hours of both flying and ground airline staff over recent years , which certainly affects flight safety .
one of the arab countries , saudi arabia - an influential country - has recently taken a major step by proposing a peace plan for the whole region .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 p.m.
are there any comments about thursday ?
you want the public to have confidence in europe , do you not , mr barroso ? then prove it !
? 5-0433 / 2002 by mr marset campos , mr di lello finuoli , mr miranda and mr jové peres , on behalf of the gue / ngl group , on repression in argentina ;
madam president , a point of order. no 425 which is empty has just voted in that vote .
proclamation of the charter of fundamental rights
the council attaches great importance to immigration issues being integrated into the union ’ s relations with third countries .
maybe you should give your mother the spaceship and your daughter the telephone .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
the vote will take place later today .
( the president cut off the speaker )
in conclusion , the important role the regions in southern europe are already playing and will continue to play with regard to euro-mediterranean cooperation should not be overlooked .
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
member of the commission . - madam president , i have listened carefully to the many positive , constructive remarks in the discussion here today .
thank you very much , mr busquin .
integrated and effective policies are needed , such as :
[ com ( 2000 ) 639 - c5-0529 / 2000 - 2000 / 0262 ( cod ) ]
this chapter , as you know , has been blocked by the veto exercised by cyprus , because it has been threatened by turkey about the exploitation of its exclusive economic zone .
actually , i drive an audi quattro .
mr president , from the very first words , you have all understood that the debate would be quite lively and that there would be two views .
in conclusion i should like to compliment the rapporteur on his courageous , lucid and valuable report .
after the vote on the commission proposal as amended
president-in-office . - ( sl ) thank you very much to mr howitt for the additional question .
simplification of the eligibility of expenditure ;
( interruption from mr cohn-bendit ) no , mr cohn-bendit , we cannot extend ...
lastly , ( ... ) to improve access to justice and to free legal assistance .
i wish you all great success in your work for europe !
does anyone wish to speak against ?
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
1. the case of ai weiwei in china
the next item is voting time .
incidentally , many of my turkish friends share this opinion .
system of ecopoints for heavy goods vehicles transiting through austria
ladies and gentlemen , you are perfectly aware that this is not a debate. it is not appropriate to speak here about the fundamental issue .
in the final vote , i voted against the report as a whole. it was , however , adopted by 298 votes in favour , 214 votes against and 21 abstentions .
[ com ( 2001 ) 438 - c5-0423 / 2001 - 2001 / 2168 ( cos ) ]
the vote will take place tomorrow .
i would also like to congratulate , on behalf of the whole house , mr fidanza , who recently got married .
i also share the rapporteur 's concern for specific policies and measures to take priority over emissions trading , which should be ancillary to them .
effectively it is becoming more and more difficult to find out what is happening and whether human rights are being abused as we sit here today in this chamber .
mr president , on behalf of the committee on agriculture and rural development , i should like to put an oral question concerning the present state of the market for garlic .
the next item is the following six motions for resolution :
fishing is a fundamental activity for guaranteeing human beings ' food and survival , and this is the primordial objective of any fisheries policy .
thank you very much , commissioner , for this additional answer .
the minutes of yesterday 's sitting have been distributed .
for all of these reasons , we cannot give our approval to this agreement .
i urge them not to let others pay the price for their policies .
5. prevention , control and eradication of certain transmissible spongiform encephalopathies ( vote )
question no 52 by gerard collins , which has been taken over by mr hyland ( h-0801 / 02 ) :
the next item is the debate on six motions for resolutions on thailand .
the situation is particularly alarming in the bontoc peninsula , where hundreds of farmers are facing many cases of harassment and physical violence perpetrated by private armed groups .
mr president , i wish the finnish presidency every success at the helsinki summit as this will conclude a range of important work undertaken during its term .
( the president cut off the speaker )
progress and technological innovation will play a key role in the new cap .
( parliament rejected the request for urgent procedure )
we are doing all we can to achieve this. i hope everyone will want to make their personal contribution and use all available means .
those are the main points in the thinking of the commission behind its proposals , which i commend to the house .
- by signing and ratifying the un convention 1990 recognising the rights of all immigrants , irrespective of their legal status ;
we are all real parliamentarians , mr martínez , mr dupuis , but this type of parliamentary manoeuvring happens and it is quite normal .
- before the vote on amendment 8 :
this reasoning is , of course , diametrically opposed to ours .
( explanation of vote cut short pursuant to rule 137 ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure )
in summary , mr president , i would like to express my support and satisfaction with what has been done and also my support for the future .
i am very glad that the european parliament shares the commission ’ s view on the importance of intercultural dialogue and the priority it should be given in the european union .
i believe that the labour movement should react decisively to these negative guidelines from the european council in stockholm .
the order of business is thus adopted .
in writing . - ( it ) the growing demand for energy requires diversification in the supply of alternative energy sources to oil , such as renewable solar , wind and nuclear energy sources .
debates on cases of breaches of human rights , democracy and the rule of law ( announcement of motions for resolutions tabled ) : see minutes
joint motion for a resolution on the closure of the renault plant in belgium
i have received six motions for resolutions tabled in accordance with rule 110 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
( for details of the outcome of the vote : see minutes )
i should like to make it clear that this is not blackmail. we simply wish to reaffirm the determination of a democratically-elected parliament .
in short , i do not consider it sensible , while there is no wider policy for vulnerable areas , to take unilateral measures that cannot be expected to promote sustainable mobility .
15. estimates of revenue and expenditure for the year 2011 - section i - parliament (
question no 28 by carlos lage ( h-0222 / 03 ) :
mr ortuondo , you have the floor on a point of order .
mr president , my contribution to the debate on this seventh framework programme on research and development will relate to two subjects : the stem cells issue and the budget .
the vote will take place tomorrow , thursday .
the founding fathers of europe created the commission following the model of the ecsc 's high authority , because they did not have faith in democracy .
five : transitional rules are needed for objective 1 and objective 2 areas losing their eligibility .
request for the waiver of parliamentary immunity : see minutes
the second , commissioner andor , is financial support for women ; and
· flexible activation of the european solidarity fund ;
the vote will take place tomorrow ( wednesday , 19 january 2011 ) .
i would like to thank the rapporteur , mr ehler , and the committee on economic and monetary affairs , for their very constructive approach .
the minutes from yesterday ' s sitting have been distributed .
i have received one motion for a resolution in accordance with rule 108 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure .
once again i would like to thank the members of the committee on the environment who supported this matter in committee and voted for my proposed amendment .
therefore , and in defence of european farmers and livestock breeders and of the sector , we will of course reject this proposal .
the targets were ordinary men , women and children shopping , on saturday morning , in a busy city. what possible cause could justify such barbarism ?
you will know what it says in the bible about a sinner that repenteth , mr bangemann , and i think you should see mrs bloch von blottnitz in that way .
it is important that on all these issues , which are going to shape the sort of world we live in for the next decades , europe 's voice should be heard .
the vote will take place tomorrow .
we shall of course take account of your statement , which shall be included in the minutes .
we want the imbalances in the market corrected and we also want to commit to quality , variety , food safety and the right quantity of production .
as they deal with the same subject , question nos 15 and 16 will be taken together .
( the order of business was adopted thus amended )
we commend these amendments and the common position to the house .
madam president , yet once more in this house we are debating the cyprus problem and the unlawful and criminal conduct of turkey .
5. conservation of wild birds ( codified version ) (
subject : eu - georgia negotiations on concluding the visa facilitation and readmission agreements
what measures are being envisaged to improve the image of the common currency and its credibility in the eyes of the public ?
1. delivering a single market to consumers and citizens (
amendment of regulation ( ec ) no 717 / 2007 ( mobile telephone networks ) and directive 2002 / 21 / ec ( electronic communications ) ( debate )
debates on cases of breaches of human rights , democracy and the rule of law ( announcement of motions for resolutions tabled ) : see minutes
this kind of attitude is what is known as hypocrisy .
before the vote on paragraph 5
we cannot remain inactive in view of this .
let us respond to the political opportunity we are being offered. i would earnestly beg you .
5. voluntary modulation of direct payments under the cap ( vote )
as they deal with the same subject , the following questions will be taken together :
i hope that our energy policy in future will be a truly european one , not least where individual projects are concerned .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the european commission proposes a revision of the guidelines for trans-european energy networks in order to update european policy in this field .
mr bourlanges , i note your personal statement , which will be followed up in the appropriate manner , in accordance with our rules of procedure .
mr president , i have a number of comments .
i declare the session of the european parliament adjourned .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
the vote will take place tomorrow .
( el ) madam president , i congratulate you and all your male and female colleagues on your new office .
is it humanely acceptable to steal the brains from countries which have an absolute need for these qualified employees in order to develop ?
thank you very much , mrs uca .
( parliament welcomed the result of the vote with loud and sustained applause )
there are so many scots in the chamber that i think , if we are going to have a common language , it should probably be scottish .
thank you very much for your attention and for taking part in such an important debate .
report ( a5-0181 / 2000 ) by mrs thors , on behalf of the committee on petitions , on the activities of the european ombudsman for 1999 ( c5-0303 / 2000 )
mr president , mrs de palacio has demonstrated her legal and political skills and struck the right balance. my congratulations .
mr president , as the permanent rapporteur for the structural funds within the committee on budgets , i have two reasons for welcoming these reports this evening .
now we are attempting to protect ourselves .
the next item is the debate on topical and urgent matters of major importance .
mr president , i am particularly honoured on international women ’ s day to intervene in plenary within the framework of the procedure for oral questions .
the commission 's communication on the subject implies that the intention is to explain the consequences of the igc 2000 to the public opinion of the fifteen .
the next item is the joint debate on
i am in favour of the directive of the european parliament and of the council facilitating the cross-border exchange of information on road safety-related traffic offences .
the present proposal differs from the first one in three respects. first , the role of the members after the ec 's accession to the agreement is described in detail .
the next item is the council and commission statements on the contamination by dioxins of certain products intended for human or animal consumption .
. nutrition and health claims
in addition to this principle of carrot instead of stick , a detailed commission action plan would help to improve the situation. we wait for it to be formulated .
to conclude , tackling the current crisis requires both effective and coordinated fiscal stimulus and reform both of financial regulation and the international institutions .
there are also several other interdependencies which have a serious impact on europe and on the countries of the horn of africa , such as terrorism and migration .
first , the renewal of our social agenda. our objective is to pave the way towards a european wide consensus on a social vision for the 21st century :
in view of the turkish ban on the sale and consumption of wine in glasses , i have to ask whether this pledge amounts to ' words , idle words ' .
absolutely , mrs banotti. we will make a note of this .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
( the president cut the speaker off )
please , commissioner , can you reassure us that you will give this matter your urgent and serious attention ?
energy infrastructure priorities for 2020 and beyond ( short presentation )
then there was also the ridiculous situation involving the so-called ankara protocol and the turkish government ’ s persistent refusal to recognise another eu member state , that being cyprus .
( the sitting was closed at 4.25 p.m. )
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the european union is a bold and unprecedented experiment .
( the president invited mr woerth , commissioner grybauskaitė , mr böge ( chairman of the committee on budgets ) and rapporteurs mrs haug and mr lewandowski to join him )
what policy will the commission pursue on this matter , with a view to promoting cooperation among the peoples of the region and averting conflicts arising from water needs ?
( the president cut off the speaker )
production and employment in the textile and clothing sector in various eu member states ( debate )
for the above-mentioned reasons , i have voted against the resolution .
i therefore abstain on this resolution .
there are various national languages in europe , but as mr samaranch , president of the international olympic committee , puts it , only one language is truly international : that of sport .
use of pcb waste oils in an irish food recycling plant ( debate )
( sk ) mr president , i supported the directive , because human trafficking is a denial of freedom in the broadest sense of the word .
i hope that these constructive proposals will be adopted by the majority of members .
today we are improving democracy , bringing decision-making processes closer to citizens and making them more open and deliberative , always looking towards people .
subject : coordination of the eu 's position in cancún
in 2009 , the european parliament set up a parliamentary committee on the financial , economic and social crisis ( cris ) .
the vote will take place today at 12.00 .
presidents of the european parliament , ministers , presidents and representatives of the european institutions , ladies and gentlemen , and above all , dear friends .
my group agrees with the appeals contained in the conclusions of the report by the united nations committee against torture , published on 19 may .
however the eplp has strong reservations about the following areas .
i shall just give the floor to mrs ludford , whose group has not yet had an opportunity to comment .
the present grotius and falcone programmes have become out-dated as a result of developments .
the vote will take place today at 6.30 p.m.
the next item is the commission statement on the eu-china summit .
i declare the session of the european parliament adjourned .
so , well done to my colleague , mrs muscardini. we are on the road at last .
i am able , in the end , to support mrs miguélez ramos 's report , and i should like to commend the work she has done .
i declare adjourned the session of the european parliament .
i agree with mr rosado fernandes 's report .
16. united nations convention on a code of conduct for liner conferences ( repeal of council regulation ( eec ) no 954 / 79 ) ( vote )
( the sitting was suspended at 11.50 a.m. and resumed at 12 noon )
mr graefe zu baringdorf has the floor to explain this request .
what plans has the council made to stimulate interest in the 2007 year of equal opportunities and the 2008 year of intercultural dialogue ?
the next item is the commission statement on the free movement of roma within the eu borders .
the situation is therefore clearly a worry. it is serious and requires an immediate response .
the council is also in agreement , mr president , as established at the trialogue .
mr president , i have another suggestion. we are currently preparing an amendment to the timetable , which means , as of next year , we could have an extra day in brussels .
mr von habsburg , the folk music you mention is something i particularly care about .
subject : extension of the common foreign and security policy to common defence
finally , i must sincerely thank the rapporteur for his excellent work and balanced report .
the european parliament 's message to the turkish army generals should be loud and clear : ' keep to your barracks and stop your war on democracy ' .
the next item is the vote .
the minutes of friday , 19 june have been distributed .
( the sitting was suspended at 1 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
signature of acts adopted under the ordinary legislative procedure : see minutes
mr commissioner , it is very important to take the essential european initiatives at company and fiscal level now .
2. situation of christians in the context of freedom of religion (
commercial communications in the internal market
ladies and gentlemen , i would like to draw your attention to a communication that i shall now give to you on security measures at the european parliament .
if we want to save this species , we have to learn more about it. in my view , therefore , anything connected with data collection and statistics is especially important .
although we have exceeded the 30 minutes of questions , we will put a final one , if the commissioner will allow us .
before the start of the vote
the european commission proposal lays down certain requirements and rules relating to emissions , to be implemented in two stages .
formation of political groups ( amendment of rule 29 ) ( debate )
why , then , should we appeal to europe , since each member state can decide for itself what it should do on its own territory ?
i welcome the comments made last night by the commissioner and look forward to more transparency .
mr president , i should like to explain why i voted in favour of the resolution on the fabra vallés report , despite the rejection of a number of amendments .
pollutants from internal combustion engines to be installed in non-road mobile machinery
let me now turn to lord tomlinson 's report on amending regulation 2728 / 94 establishing a guarantee fund for external actions .
i regret the refusal to promote technology transfer to the countries of the south , as well as the continued ability of the member states to prescribe additional requirements .
the supranational european court of justice is not satisfied with being a court .
- i would like to first congratulate those who have drafted and voted on directive 98 / 44 / ec which is a step forward in the protection of the human being .
as they deal with the same subject , the following questions will be taken together :
the vote will take place during the next partsession .
therefore , mr president , my congratulations to this young mep , for whom i predict great success in parliament , and the support of my group , mr president , for this reform .
adoption of the minutes of the previous sitting
añoveros trias de bes report ( a4-0096 / 99 )
( the sitting was suspended at 8.00 p.m. )
composition of political groups : see minutes
the withdrawal of support for the petition by the petitioner is being remedied .
the report encourages the use of cultural , territorial and regional forms of autonomy .
2000 general budget , as modified by the council
. ( fr ) on tuesday , 11 september 2001 , airliners full of passengers crashed into two symbols of american omnipotence , in this case the twin towers and the pentagon .
we have voted against the report from julio anoveros trias de bes .
when grants are awarded to european students and students from third countries , the institutions that offer the courses must respect the principle of equal opportunities and non-discrimination .
we will organise a large european forum on sport in lille , where we will once again arrange a dialogue between political circles and the european federations .
3. on the proposal for a european parliament and council regulation on the interoperability of the european air traffic management network ( com ( 2001 ) 564 - c5-0484 / 2001 - 2001 / 0237 ( cod ) )
the next item is the commission statement on the g8 summit .
– do not worry , mr lisi. the language services will be informed .
no , mr le pen , you have three minutes .
5. better law-making 2005 : subsidiarity and proportionality ( vote )
i should like to inform the house that i have received six motions for resolutions under rule 37 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
. ( fr ) it is quite right that the leinen / méndez de vigo report has received huge support in this house .
article 349 of the accession document restricts portugal ' s access to the southern stock of hake .
in the light of these issues we should be cognisant of the difficulties which will be created. therefore i am recommending a negative vote in relation to these areas .
mr oswaldo payá , allow me to express the emotion with which we welcome you today to award you the sakharov prize for freedom of thought .
mr president , the commission can accept all compromise amendments tabled and thus can support the voting recommendations of the rapporteur .
yi lü ping an [ we wish you a safe journey home ]
thank you mr wynn. i will pass on your warm remarks to mrs thatcher .
question no 6 by roy perry ( h-0241 / 99 )
the vote will take place on wednesday at 12 noon .
credit requirements directives : directives 2006 / 48 / ec and 2006 / 49 / ec - community programme for financial services , financial reporting and auditing
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
5. conclusion of a partnership and cooperation agreement between the ec and the republic of tajikistan (
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on thursday 27 april 2006 .
- before the vote on paragraph 37 :
we won " that war ' , but we saw its consequences and limits. there were many victims in both camps and saddam hussein remained in power .
( the sitting was closed at 11.45 p.m. )
( el ) mr president , i , too , should like to welcome commissioner damanaki and , in particular , to thank mrs maria do céu patrão neves for her exhaustive and exceptional work .
thank you very much , mrs siimes .
situation in the arab world and north africa - situation in yemen - situation in syria ( debate )
' views as totally unacceptable the discrepancy between the frequent pledges of increased financial assistance and the considerably lower sums that are actually disbursed ... ' ;
( the house rose and observed a minute ' s silence )
i give the floor to the president-in-office of the council .
i think that we could , by combining transatlantic forces , persuade china to be a real stakeholder in the international system .
the following , in particular , need to be optimised :
- lastly , measures must be commensurate with aims , which requires not only assessing ...
thank you very much for your attention .
this is the only way in which we can give substance to the formal recognition of the ultraperiferal status recently enshrined in the treaty of amsterdam .
i would therefore say that this is beneficial , as a convergence regulation could promote free competition , particularly with regard to state subsidies , and social and environmental criteria .
we have been together in this house since 1979 , and a great deal of trust has grown in that time .
recognition is also due to the members of the committee on international trade , led by its chair , mr moreira . ¡ muito obrigado ! , vital .
by the way , energy r & d investment immediately after the oil crisis was approximately four times higher than currently or some years ago .
the debate is closed. the vote on any motions for resolutions will take place during the next part-session .
the person with ultimate responsibility is parliament 's president .
i congratulate both our rapporteurs , and i imagine that they will be very glad to see the back of these three proposals. they have done very good work .
we will take the following questions to the commission .
the ec is proposing to intensify cooperation on ec priorities that match key capabilities of un agencies. to ensure smooth cooperation on this , strong un inter-agency coordination is required .
( the sitting was suspended at 19.45 and resumed at 21.00 )
madam president , may i take this opportunity to wish mr martens many happy returns of his birthday today .
i have received the proposal for a resolution tabled by the committee on agriculture and rural development .
thank you for your attention. there are not many here but at the same time this is important legislation and we look forward to its early adoption .
the cofinancing rate for this fund is 50 % and this figure may be raised to 65 % by 2011 .
8. freight transport in europe (
women 's problems are rooted in the capitalist system which exploits women and men , using gender and age to spread the capitalist policy to both sexes .
i am in agreement with the conclusions that have been made by the rapporteur and have therefore decided to vote in favour of this report .
my only regret is that in promoting this programme we do not have sufficient money to match our aspirations and ensure our ability to deliver .
- made clear parliament 's intention to continue to monitor and scrutinise future developments in the ongoing eurostat investigations and potential legal actions , with a view to proposing further reforms .
i support its campaign , and i urge parliament to do likewise .
once again , i can assure you that we will keep you informed of developments and discuss our future approach with you , once we have formulated it .
these processes make it all the more urgent to create a common european energy policy based on solidarity .
debates on cases of breaches of human rights , democracy and the rule of law ( debate )
mr president , i would not normally rise on such a point. as a vice-president , i respect the chair .
– mr president , for the common fisheries policy , the seventh framework programme is not just disappointing , but it should be openly described as hypocritical .
7. agreement between the ec and montenegro on short-stay visas ( vote )
at previous votes , the european parliament was the target of unjustified criticism by certain private operators , accusing it of being protectionist .
these were some items of news. we will now return to our usual business .
1. a council framework decision on confiscation of crime-related proceeds , instrumentalities and property ( 10697 / 2002 - c5-0375 / 2002 - 2002 / 0818 ( cns ) )
. today we are to vote on the mid-term review of the lisbon strategy .
thank you very much commissioner busquin .
in these circumstances i have decided not to submit a new commission for your approval today .
as far as energy is concerned , we are disappointed with the relatively small sums allocated for renewable energy and energy efficiency. we shall be back with suggestions next year .
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i would like to start by thanking mr evans and mr mantovani for their work .
i consider that it should only be possible to revise the eu ' s statute through a unanimous decision in the council of ministers .
mr president , commissioner , since we cannot reject the directive on chocolate which is , as it stands , unacceptable , parliament is duty bound , at the very least , to improve it .
– mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i am very pleased with the thorough and thoughtful approach that parliament has at last developed on the major topic of tourism .
this directive alters the very definition of chocolate which should , in our opinion , be made from cocoa butter and beans .
subject : persecution of buddhist monks and nuns in vietnam
1. ec / mongolia agreement on certain aspects of air services (
the president is right to defend the cap , which has never been more necessary .
the big lesson europe has learnt is the lesson of integration. this is the only sustainable way of reconciliation with the past and investment in a better future .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
the vote on this principle will not only contribute towards making sport more transparent but will also strengthen the major principles on which the rule of law is based .
question no 14 by eurig wyn ( h-0146 / 03 ) :
madam president , i would like to thank the commissioner for her statement and welcome her to our chamber .
instead the eu , like a wolf in sheep 's clothing , is covertly abandoning cooperation and compromise in favour of consolidation .
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see minutes
oral question ( b5-0492 / 2000 ) to the council , by mr napolitano , on behalf of the committee on constitutional affairs , on the feira european council
mr president , commissioner , i would like to make three comments on the occasion of this extremely important debate .
subject : training of researchers and assessment of universities in the flagship initiative on innovation
madam president , i will try to reply directly to some questions and points which have been raised .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
mr president , i , along with most conservatives , take the view that there is an urgent need for reform of this parliament .
mr president , it is clear that the conclusions of this report for 1997 are very specific and very clear , namely , a postponement of discharge on institutional grounds .
for a european foreign policy of the lowest common denominator. that will become more obvious as the union takes in new members . '
mrs van putten wishes to speak on a point of order .
in 2001 , a fresh inquiry was opened following a claim , but the investigation did not yield proof of the alleged facts .
b5-0648 / 2001 by mr kreissl-dörfler and others , on behalf of the pse group ;
the next item is the joint debate on the following draft resolutions on the democratic republic of the congo - ituri region :
with this in mind , my group did not wish to compromise the situation , bearing in mind also the views expressed by mr schulz .
mr president , the objective 2 structural funds deserve very special consideration. they are extremely important , but very difficult to apply correctly .
the next item is the vote .
thank you very much , commissioner špidla. social solidarity , democracy , rule of law : i wish that parliament was more in tune with these values !
commission work programme for 1998 ( continuation )
the next item is the vote .
our group believes that identities need to be clearly defined and recognised before normal and constructive relations can be established with turkey .
finally , the members of parliament were not sufficiently involved in the preparatory coordination work .
mr president , i also voted against the liese report .
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports and oral questions :
surely the issue of climate change must feature high on our list of priorities and carbon tariffs on imports into the eu is certainly important in this regard .
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on thursday , 17 may 2001 .
i can assure you that it happens very infrequently !
i have received six motions for resolutions to wind up the debate pursuant to rule 103 of the rules of procedure .
an increase in the number of married couples in the eu where the spouses are nationals of different eu or non-eu countries has been noted .
in july 2008 , the european commission adopted a proposal on applying reduced vat rates after 2010 .
so something has been done. things do not look so bad .
the next item is the vote .
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
madam president , at the outset , i must state that i have particular reservations about mr kellett-bowman 's report on cedefop .
fifthly , education , training , research , innovation and reform of our social , health and pensions systems are the biggest challenges still lying ahead of us .
- the guarantee that tacs can be adjusted upwards if that fish stock is deemed to have been restored .
the session on social policy and cultural and educational cooperation dealt with cultural diversity , the danger of technological backwardness , education , equality and social cohesion , sustainable development and the environment .
( es ) madam president , commissioner , we should certainly congratulate ourselves today on holding this debate .
i would like to thank parliament , all its members and the rapporteur for this significant and far-reaching report .
eu framework for coordinating national roma integration strategies ( debate )
i disapprove of this way of doing politics : instead of seeking unanimity at all costs , the european parliament has fundamentally chosen the wrong method .
the directive under discussion does not refer to a new sector but forms part of an already existing legal system governing chemical substances and preparations in general .
i thank all the rapporteurs for their work and congratulate them all on producing three well-balanced reports .
would the minister agree that it is fear for their security that is proving the principle obstacle to turkish cypriot compliance with the annan proposals ?
but the response by israel is totally disproportionate and cannot be supported .
mr president , i understand that this proposal for a council decision , as outlined in the report , provides for the conversion of europol into an eu agency .
we should therefore understand that such control measures - established by the host country - are exceptional measures and are temporary until such time as harmonization is achieved .
we therefore have to strike a new balance between privacy , citizens ' freedom , and security , which is also a fundamental right of the citizens we represent in this parliament .
thank you very much , mr kerr. the minutes will be corrected .
the commission has no objection to amendments 1 and 2. amendment 2 , in particular , could contribute to an effective fight against doping .
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on friday , 21 january 2000 .
( the speaker agreed to take a blue card question under rule 149 ( 8 ) )
i would now ask sir leon brittan whether he wishes to comment further .
the french authorities have informed me that mr eric pinel has been appointed to replace mr philippe de villiers with effect from 17 june 1997 .
the vote will take place tomorrow , 11 october 2007 .
therefore , we voted in favour of this report .
did this situation speed up work on the rail baltica project ?
action taken on parliament 's positions and resolutions : see minutes
so i suggest we close the sitting. we will have the opportunity to continue .
however , provisions to safeguard the most vulnerable sections of the people have been gravely neglected in the present proposals .
ireland has been bullied into holding a second vote , but the irish people are unlikely to take kindly to being treated with such contempt .
since those who were due to speak are not present , the debate is closed .
8. repeal of council regulation ( ec ) no 1964 / 2005 on the tariff rates for bananas (
this is why attention must be focused urgently on all aspects linked to consolidating the european union 's energy security. thank you .
calendar of part-sessions for 2011 : see minutes
methods of slaughtering animals reflect differing cultural , national and religious traditions , and it shows an extraordinary presumption for us to trample into this sensitive area .
the horn of africa is currently suffering from cumulative scourges :
( b5-0232 / 2002 ) by mr wiersma , on behalf of the pse group , on the political situation in moldavia / moldova and the disappearance of vlad cubreacov ;
i therefore wholeheartedly support the commission 's proposal and the amendments by the environment committee .
the negotiations that will now begin between the 27 member states in the council will be difficult .
it should act as a kind of campaign to exert pressure on those member states dragging their feet in transposing the directives .
just one final point , quite unspectacular , but important : mrs wallis proposed a new option to take account of the way in which the law develops ...
consequently , the immediate and dynamic mobilisation of the peoples against these choices is needed in order to block the invaders ' path .
it is important and i am glad you have announced that the president will take this up .
thank you for your motion. i promise you we will check it .
( the speaker spoke in his mother tongue , the text below being a translation )
do we need any other proof of the intention of the bush administration to torpedo the icc ?
( the house rose and observed a minute ' s silence )
i trust you will take all this on board , commissioner .
commissioner , we must be consistent and , if we are to be consistent , we will do everything to save qimonda. qimonda is not just any company !
with the intention of achieving a broad consensus on this important question , we therefore demand that the report be referred back to committee .
according to information from the indonesian forestry minister 80 % of the current fires originated on plantations belonging to the major timber companies .
in writing . - ( it ) i voted in favour of mrs cederschiöld 's report on the creation of a european professional card for service providers .
i have no advice to give you : you have been involved in european politics longer than i - even if you look younger , you are not so young !
freedom of movement should also be guaranteed for all eu citizens and their families .
i can say to the honourable member that i do not rule that out. it may be that is one way we can proceed on this matter .
the partnership and participation of local authorities in particular , at all levels ,
i am therefore asking you to take this request into consideration in the bureau and also to communicate it to the groups .
in all these areas , we rely , of course , on the knowledge of the agencies. we therefore expect them to receive the financial appropriations that they need .
debates on cases of breaches of human rights , democracy and the rule of law ( debate )
announcement by the president : see minutes
the minutes of the sitting on thursday 3 february have been distributed .
mr watson has , in my opinion , already broadly expressed a feeling that is shared by us all .
the vote will take place today at 12 noon .
i was disappointed particularly by the phrase that ' substantive errors affecting transaction underlying payments ' was in the same range as in previous years .
mr president , i shall restrict myself to the allotted time .
first and foremost i would like to deplore the fact that the resolution does not mention the framework of the un-declared international human rights year .
the next item is the statements by the council and the commission on partnership for integration .
this report is timely. its contents need to be acted on now , not delayed for further studies and reports .
( the sitting was closed at 10.30 p.m. )
it is clear as the case proceeds that foregone conclusions riddled with holes have been reached in a bid to conceal and expiate the real culprits .
at this juncture there are no ' technical ' or ' minor ' amendments .
there is a series of amendments regarding deadlines , procedures and monitoring , in particular amendments nos 7 , 11 and 14. i would like to comment on each of them .
article 9 , mentioned in the question , is absolutely consistent with the need to take everything concerning the individual citizen into the greatest consideration .
8. parliamentary immunity in poland (
let me also thank parliament , especially its committee on foreign affairs , and the rapporteurs , messrs van orden and moscovici , for their contribution to this exercise .
[ com ( 2001 ) 610 - c5-0558 / 2001 - 2001 / 0250 ( cns ) ]
( cs ) i would like to make four points concerning this topic .
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
i will see what i can do about that .
statement by the high representative for common foreign and security policy
finally , satisfactory agreements are not always concluded regarding dissemination .
i am sure that all the members of the bureau will have taken note of your comments .
( the president cut the speaker off )
the europe of nations group can only rejoice at the outcome , and we thank the members of the european parliament for supporting these amendments .
mr titley , i am sure you are much more eloquent in these matters than i would be .
mr president , we broadly agree with what the rapporteur has just said .
the right of opposition newspapers to operate in belarus has been severely restricted , as has the opposition 's freedom of expression , and many opposition leaders have been temporarily imprisoned .
that is absolutely fine , mr dimitrescu , since that is exactly what i was going to suggest .
increase in cultivable land 55 % ( from 77 million to 120 million hectares )
terror , which they impose on democracies and their citizens that are ill prepared to resist ... and always ready to negotiate compromises ...
the show must go on. we are prepared , in the conciliation procedure , to find a compromise which is best for european citizens living in the 21st century .
i , and my colleagues within the european parliamentary labour party , broadly welcome mr van velzen 's report. it addresses what is a hugely important issue for europe - unemployment .
( the president cut off the speaker )
( cs ) mr president , i only want it to be recorded that i voted for mr foglietta 's report but my voting equipment failed .
is there any opposition to the inclusion of this oral amendment ?
as the author is not present , question no 8 lapses. question no 9 by richard howitt ( h-0325 / 03 ) :
the next item is the report ( a4-0049 / 99 ) by mr bourlanges , on behalf of the committee on institutional affairs , on decision-making within the council in an enlarged europe .
i call upon commissioner verheugen not to forget that community policy should serve community goals .
secondly , ports will be upgraded to intermodal interfaces. ris will make it easier for port and terminal operators to maximise the use of their capacities .
this begs the question as to whether such wide-ranging simplification is not tantamount to restricting specialisation , and the loss of sensitivity to specific agricultural conditions .
these points give us , among other things , the opportunity , some considerations notwithstanding , to call for the discharge of the commission. i thank you and look forward to your comments .
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
2. quarterly statistics on community job vacancies ( vote )
i think our commission has produced a profound piece of work. it has held hearings , consultations and long debates. the conclusions i would draw from it are as follows .
i will talk about scotland in a minute , mr president .
the commission has not as yet proposed any specific measures .
thank you. i look forward to the commissioner 's response .
accordingly , and also given the demand to facilitate abortion and the imposition of quotas for women , we are voting against the report .
the financial crisis intensified and extended to the real economy , and we have lived through a period in which we have had negative economic growth and job losses .
please be so kind as to confirm that the other groups have indeed withdrawn their motions .
mr president , the atmosphere of conflict between religions , ethnicities and civilisations , which is worsening across the world , and in particular in india , is concerning .
( the sitting was suspended at 1.35 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
mr president , commissioner , mr brok , ladies and gentlemen , thank you .
can the commission outline the results of this investigation , and can it say how it will deal with the infringement of competition rules in the market for dvds ?
question no 32 by mr juan izquierdo collado ( h-0347 / 97 )
madam president , honourable members , first of all , i wish to thank you for a very responsible debate .
the commission , as i told parliament 's relevant committee on 9 september 2003 , is working to a deadline of christmas 2003 .
i have received six motions for a resolution tabled in accordance with rule 103 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
mr president , i would ask the wild boar roaming wild out there to calm down .
( ro ) social inclusion is a particularly important topic which is well integrated into regional policy. as we are all aware , it entails much more than simply job creation .
the immediate essential is for all harassment of the civilian population to cease and for the aid workers to be able to fulfil their mission .
so , while i agree in principle , i had to abstain for the foregoing reasons .
amending budget no 1 / 97-1998 draft general budget - draft 1997
. ( de ) i voted to approve the accession treaties only under protest and out of solidarity with my future colleagues .
this is an unacceptable proposal , which must be rejected .
on the basis of the ' polluter pays ' principle , i support the rapporteur 's idea of criminal liability applying to all actors involved , including the political decision-makers , in maritime disasters .
the next item is the council and commission statements on the worrying situation in the retention centres for immigrants , especially in the islands of mayotte and lampedusa .
recommendation for second reading oomen-ruijten ( a5-0068 / 2001 )
‘ any executive agency created or extended to administer this programme ’
rest assured , mr michel : you have not run over your speaking time. as commissioner , the time will not be charged to you , anyway .
( sk ) toys are very sensitive goods that affect human health from an early age .
in my opinion , it is high time that women were treated as equal to men in all , not just some , respects .
personally , i have to say that the defence of the fundamental rights of european citizens indeed makes for a good play , but the cast and staging are dreadful .
what is his assessment of the generalised system of preferences in relation to developing countries trading with the eu ?
composition of parliament : see minutes
subject : initiatives on the management of water and drinking water
( the president cut off the speaker )
for the above reasons , i voted in favour of this report .
i should just like to follow up by expressing a couple of concerns .
b5-0442 / 2001 by geneviève fraisse and others , on behalf of the gue / ngl group , on the further human rights abuses in afghanistan ;
the very conclusions of the european council of 16 and 17 june encourage a debate designed to generate interest and invite the european institutions to contribute to it .
mr president , there is an oral amendment to recital e : when talking about ‘ riad al-hamood , civil society activist ’ , it must be specified that ‘ kurdish ’ precedes ‘ civil society activist ’ .
facility providing mid-term financial assistance for member states ' balances of payments - facility providing mid-term financial assistance for member states ' balances of payments ( debate )
question no 36 by lyndon harrison ( h-0649 / 96 )
composition of committees and delegations : see minutes
people are entitled to unambiguous legislation , and this report fails to hit the mark in this respect .
madam president , honourable members , i would firstly like to thank all the members who participated in this debate and vital moreira for putting the question to parliament .
that is something that really needs to be denounced , and it is parliament that has the legitimate authority to do so .
your report clearly presents the advantages of ertms and spells out the three challenges that have to be met if it is to be deployed successfully .
in the final analysis , it was because of that wording that i was unable to vote in favour of the resolution .
i should like to know what the presidency has to say about that .
oh if there 's nothing else that [ he ] can do - '
b5-0060 / 2001 by mrs malmström , on behalf of the eldr group , on the ratification of the treaty of rome to establish the international criminal court ;
mr president , i would just like to echo the sentiments expressed by the previous speakers , ms lulling , the rapporteur , and my colleague , dan hannan , from the south-east of england .
there is a distinction , therefore , between the political issues and the technical issues. we are not undermining the proposal , we are improving it .
thank you very much , commissioner. i always greatly admire the attention you pay to detail when you are informing parliament why the commission cannot accept certain things .
territorial , social and economic cohesion - good governance and eu regional policy ( debate )
mr salafranca , i hope that your point of order is more intelligible .
i should now like to receive some information concerning what we discussed .
( ro ) i wish to congratulate the rapporteur on his work .
president barroso is insulting the intelligence not only of the left in this house but also of the millions of citizens out there who deserve better .
mr president , i have come to the conclusion of my remarks but i would just say that we fully support the commission 's endeavours in this area .
( ro ) mr president , as shadow rapporteur , i would like to congratulate the rapporteur for this report and i will only raise two issues .
we shall now proceed to the vote .
it goes without saying that i voted in favour .
the issues at stake are economic balance in the automotive sector and the safety of european vehicle users .
mr president , first of all i would like to congratulate mr costa neves on his report .
all i can do , then , commissioner , is to entreat you to get this under way quickly and to push the council as necessary in order to make this happen .
the vote will be held tomorrow at 12 noon .
however , we must take into account the advent and development of new technologies in order to boost the observatory 's effectiveness .
the eu and the us must also take the lead in the development of renewable energy sources , finding ecologically sustainable technical solutions .
the draft general budget of the european union for the 2000 financial year as amended by the council ( all sections ) ( c5 ­ 0600 / 1999 )
18. accession of bulgaria and romania to the europol convention ( vote )
i welcome the main lines of the schroedter report on economic and social cohesion in the context of the agenda 2000 proposals .
this resolution is not about services but about patients .
i am obliged to mr fischbach for his remarks and declare that the general budget for 1998 has been finally approved .
in view of this situation , what measures does the commission intend to propose with a view to improving the human rights situation for saudi women ?
i will try to deal as directly as possible with the seven questions raised by mr brok .
if this report makes even a modest contribution to progress along those lines , then i think we can be satisfied .
to conclude , safety must be the primary concern of all parties involved in establishing the single european sky , followed by environmental and effectiveness issues .
subject : arms policy and the arms trade
the commission trusts that parliament will now be in a position to promptly mandate its representatives to the interinstitutional working group .
we have had three years of negotiations and i simply believe that rejecting this initiative would cause very serious problems for transport policy in the coming years .
report ( a5-0152 / 2000 ) by mr redondo jiménez , on behalf of the committee on the environment , public health and consumer policy , on
the next – and last – item is the commission statement on the state of negotiations between the european union and mercosur .
the vote will take place on wednesday 26 october .
( the house rose and observed one minute 's silence )
finally , i would like to wish you all a happy christmas .
what is the commission 's reaction to the above remarks ?
they are very slow to come .
indeed , the 33 tonnes of mercury used each year in the european union are , like other heavy metals , the cause of neurological illnesses affecting children , in particular .
the right to life , with the promotion of abortion and euthanasia ;
? he minutes of yesterday 's sitting have been distributed .
mr president , the comments of mr crowley are a disgrace to this house ! i would ask him to withdraw them straight away !
i believe that this directive will make an important contribution to this , and i thank mrs fontaine for her great and successful efforts .
a ) on the quality of port services and the standards applied , because they will have to compete and will recruit unskilled staff ;
but with regard to the first three months , as long as there is restructuring in a general way then the entitlement would apply .
i should like to reply to mrs hohlmeier 's comment. mr pittella , the vice-president responsible for the budget , is here in the house listening to the debate .
the iranian judiciary has the sad record of imposing the second highest number of executions per capita in the world. only china carries out more executions than iran .
i wish to abstain on the report by mr becsey on a european initiative for the development of micro-credits in support of growth and employment .
( parliament agreed to accept the oral amendment )
i would now like to answer your questions one by one .
( the president noted that there was no opposition to the oral amendment being considered )
mr commissioner , can you guarantee that we will be able to start the licensing process next year ?
fortunately , only wise men correct their mistakes and we hope that the new treaty will now do justice to one of europe 's major industries , namely tourism .
i would ask you to rise for the european anthem .
written statements ( rule 142 of the rules of procedure )
i could not vote in favour of the report .
for all these reasons , we consider this report a long way from what is needed for a better , fairer future for europe and its citizens .
the next item is the debate on the middle east , with statements by the high representative for the common foreign and security policy and by the commission .
we know that the finances and the public deficits of european countries will suffer until we move towards european financial integration and eurobonds are issued .
( the sitting was suspended at 20.30 and resumed at 21.00 )
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on thursday , 12 november 2009 .
( the sitting was suspended at 11.30 and resumed at 12.00 )
we will now continue with voting time .
the european parliament has been following with deep concern the latest political developments in lebanon , where progress seemed to have stalled and violence and bloodshed had become increasingly rife .
( the speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under rule 149 ( 8 ) )
the next item is the report by mrs lambert , on behalf of the committee on civil liberties , justice and home affairs , on the evaluation of the dublin system .
thank you , again , very much. i do really appreciate the enthusiasm with which parliament and the committee on agriculture and rural development have acted in this case .
firstly , active and responsible participation by national authorities , civil society , the private sector and local players in the least developed countries .
4. type-approval of hydrogen powered motor vehicles (
the vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.
although it would not appear to be the case , this is an issue of enormous importance to the future of the union .
these agreements lay down conditions for participating in the emcdda , along lines similar to those that apply to norway .
president. mr fatuzzo , if you want to remain standing we will just keep going as you are the only speaker left .
parliament is therefore moving in the right direction , showing that it is on the side of consumers. we hope that the council and the commission adopt a similar attitude .
what does the swedish presidency intend to do to raise the case of dawit isaak at the highest eu level ?
vice-president of the commission . - we clearly support the liability management that is taking place with subordinated bondholders .
let me simply say that my colleagues and i have been very careful to note the contributions and will ensure that we go through the record methodically .
i would be grateful if you could confirm this view .
on behalf of the pse group - ( it ) mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the amendment replaces paragraph 1 of the original text , as follows :
fourth : we will promote human rights and the rule of law in russia , and
mrs liotard , we will now vote on amendment 158 , which is a motion for rejection , and once we have that result i will respond to your observation .
mr president , pollution has occurred in sweden during the construction of the hallandsåsan tunnel , significant pollution because it seems that the water table has been affected .
( the request for referral to committee was rejected )
there is no doubt that the aim of the report is good. however , the current formulation has turned out very dubious. that is why i voted no .
( the president cut the speaker off )
finally , there are a number of amendments calling for attention to be given to other similar cases , and it goes without saying that we will vote for them .
the vote will take place today at 12 : 00 .
( the sitting was opened at 9 a.m. )
secondly , we must strive for the price of products in future to reflect harmful consequences that are not immediately noticeable , including impact on climate change .
given the continuing violation of human rights in turkey , what action does the council envisage taking vis-à-vis the turkish authorities ? question no 15 by vassilis ephremidis ( h-0569 / 96 )
thank you , mr malangré. we shall make the necessary checks .
i support the increased provisions for consumer rights and welcome the recognition of energy poverty as a serious social problem .
question no 20 by liam hyland ( h-0167 / 03 ) :
it is true , as mr coelho said , that the supreme court has closed the case , but it is a question of ethics and political dignity .
this is what i wanted to say to you , mr posselt , whilst confirming my determination regarding this very important matter .
on the report by mrs kratsa-tsagaropoulou ( a5-0403 / 2002 )
( the president cut off the speaker )
i therefore believe that before the vote we should seek agreements which combine legal guarantees for workers with creating more flexibility , in the spirit of directive 93 / 104 / ec .
i voted for the resolution on the croatia progress report for 2008 and i am delighted that this resolution has been adopted in the ep by a large majority .
let us examine in a fair manner and through sound discussion how we can fill this part-session .
b5-0866 / 2000 by mr deva and others , on behalf of the group of the european people 's party ( christian democrats ) and european democrats ;
so i would just like to ask the commissioner , as mrs doyle did in her original question , does the wto have a view on this , and what is it ?
we need a separate debate on the subject of the eastern partnership in the european parliament .
i will pass your comments on to the president of parliament , who will raise the matter at the conference of presidents . ( 1 )
in recent days the churches in america , and particularly in new orleans , have demonstrated that they are capable of more than the incompetent state administration .
the gue / ngl group has endorsed the joint motion for resolution on relations between the eu and russia. i , for my part , would like to point out that :
these productive changes have prompted my group to endorse mr skinner 's report. both mr lauk and i look forward to it receiving broad support in this house tomorrow .
these two proposals are being made under the ' third pillar ' and will need to be revisited when the treaty of amsterdam is in force .
i shall end , mr president , by congratulating the rapporteur and expressing my hope that this parliament will vote for this report tomorrow morning by the large majority it deserves .
mr president , i welcome this debate because i believe that porto alegre requires a firm response from the european union .
( laughter and applause ) we shall now proceed to the vote on mr macartney 's report .
the european parliament 's report proposed an opportunity for an even lesser de-coupling of support , and we therefore chose to vote against that report .
all our member states are ruined , and the union itself is funded by them. the time has come to show imagination and daring .
the labour government will not rest until the perpetrators of this evil business are stopped and brought to justice .
thank you mr rübig. we will bear your comments in mind and endeavour to proceed at a pace you feel is appropriate .
subject : in-depth evaluation of economic partnership agreements
why are we not guaranteeing the rural survival of our milk producers - and farmers in general - who provide extremely positive economic , social and environmental knock-on effects ?
( the vote took place ) we shall now scrutinize the vote .
on the basis of the above considerations , we have decided not to vote against the report .
finally , amendment no 19 has been amended by the council , and we are able to accept the new version .
( es ) i am speaking simply to propose a minor modification to the amendment , in the name of legal rigour. the amendment would be worded as follows :
i declare adjourned the session of the european parliament .
( the sitting was suspended at 7.30 p.m. and resumed at 9.00 p.m. )
thank you very much for a very constructive debate .
question no 62 by maría izquierdo rojo ( h-0482 / 97 ) :
for these reasons , we reject the commission proposal and support mr linkohr 's report , acknowledging the efforts made by the rapporteur .
the vote will take place during the december part-session .
i will be responsible for the opinion of the committee on agriculture and rural development on the draft directive on promotion of renewable energy sources .
as a result the committee on fisheries in its opinion has recommended certain priority measures to the competent community bodies. amongst them the following should be stressed :
( es ) mr president , tomorrow the european parliament will adopt a resolution on iran which will be supported by our political group .
firstly , it is very important to support the european prospects of kosovo , as the un ambassador , mr eide , says in several paragraphs of his report .
i now have to join the president of slovakia. the voting , however , will continue .
madam president , the elimination of internal frontiers resulting from the single european market as of 1992 marked the take-off of the community transit problem .
can it also reassure the parliament that this delay will not prevent approval of the key proposals during 2002 ?
madam president. it is a pleasure to be speaking in the chamber and not noting my presence .
the minutes of yesterday 's sitting have been circulated .
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
it is this approach , an integral part of the resolution before us , which led me to vote in favour .
i trust the commission will also attach importance to this .
this will be a symbolic and material initiative to combine policies on economic development and on combating unemployment and poverty with policies against racism and xenophobia .
i welcome the adoption of most of parliament ’ s proposed amendments adopted at first reading. i am also pleased about the unanimous vote in the committee concerned .
i also believe it is worth encouraging this activity through collateral measures , and that any scientific contribution in that respect should be welcomed .
i particularly commend the report 's call for assistance to ngos involved in the strengthening of democracy in belarus , ukraine and moldova .
poverty reduction and job creation in developing countries ( short presentation )
we are going to begin our voting session , with which our friends from bulgaria and romania shall become acquainted for the first time .
fifthly , it proposes involving irrigators ' associations so that they can participate in the use and management of water basins and water in general .
questions nos 49 to 53 will be answered in writing ( 2 ) .
on behalf of the pse group . - mr president , i offer many congratulations to the rapporteur .
i can see that some of you are still shy. come on , it should be fun to have an experiment !
this is why i will support mr happart 's amendments. i also wish him every success in his new work .
mr president , thank you for the statement you have just made which will remain imprinted in our minds as europeans , and in our minds as female and male politicians .
he should apply the same logic to the slightly higher cost of interpreting in strasbourg , because the choice of strasbourg is also a political choice , symbolic of german-french reconciliation .
( parliament adopted the legislative resolutions on successive votes )
sixthly , it requires that those guilty of terrorism are punished in exemplary fashion , with swift , efficient access to justice for victims .
before the vote on paragraph 13 :
mr president , the position of the socialist group is , i believe , somewhat different , possibly calmer , and could perhaps be confined to five basic aspects .
( the speaker agreed to take a blue card question under rule 149 ( 8 ) )
the only thing which raises questions about it are bleepers like that , even when they play ' ode to joy ' .
the committee responsible must establish the admissibility or otherwise of the petition. at the request of only quarter of the members of the committee the petition becomes admissible .
thank you for the interesting debate and thank you especially , rapporteur , for your hard work on this important file .
the next item is the report by christian ehler , on behalf of the committee on economic and monetary affairs , on deposit-guarantee schemes .
8. business registers for statistical purposes ( vote )
on the minus side , i would mention the failure to implement patient mobility. it represents continued legal uncertainty and unnecessary suffering as people wait for treatment .
does the commission believe that these merger plans still accord with the current principles which it espouses with regard to liberalisation of the energy market in the european union ?
we shall now proceed to the vote .
if europe makes it clear that we do not consider this chinese policy acceptable as a matter of course , then that would be a contribution to the much-needed change .
as has been said very eloquently by the three rapporteurs , we need capabilities. without capabilities we only have documents , and with documents alone we do not solve conflicts .
mrs bonino will be contacting parliament in the future , with a view to discussing all these issues before the proposals are finalized .
thank you , commissioner. i hope you will tell us how work is progressing on the preparation of the white paper , after the consultation held on the green paper .
question no 63 by mark watts ( h-0033 / 98 )
question no 21 by paul rübig ( h-0879 / 02 ) :
this is a test of the credibility of the european union 's human rights standards .
the vote will take place during the next part-session in strasbourg .
it is because i want strong european institutions for a strong europe that i voted for this censure .
so we still have not worked out the rules of engagement .
the quartet must immediately apply the temporary aid mechanism to the palestinians .
that is why the meps of the communist party of greece voted against the resolution .
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting
i take note of your formal protest but the amendments remain inadmissible .
mr president , on behalf of my colleague , mrs ferrero-waldner , i would like to make a statement on the negotiations between the european union and mercosur .
i have received six motions for resolutions ( 1 ) tabled pursuant to rule 103 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
we must protect our markets with new technologies , and the quality of materials must be indicated , backed by strict laboratory testing .
for its part , the eu will guarantee , in another third country , fishing opportunities that will help keep its long-distance fishing fleet operational .
. mr president , i thank members for their remarks. as they were remarks rather than questions , i think i can be brief .
in the light of the report ' s findings , what trade measures are to be taken against korea in the immediate future ?
i would reiterate that how fast and how far these negotiations can be taken ultimately depends on the progress made by the candidate countries themselves .
as they deal with the same subject , questions nos 50 and 51 will be taken together .
for the reasons given above , we voted against the report in the final vote .
i do not know the answer to your question at this moment in time. we can examine it and give a written answer .
b4-0831 / 98 by the eldr group-b4-0836 / 98 by the pse group-b4-0843 / 98 by the ppe group
as i said , this is an own goal and we will end up importing products from the us via the internet. is this really what you want ?
in any event , this debate can be held in the conference of presidents , which deals with these relations and any incidents which may occur .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
this programming is accompanied by an increase in the resources in the pact budget to 35 million ecu over six years .
the first relates to the removal of the statements on the summit between the european union and russia .
we should now be taking questions nos 3 and 4 together , but as the author is not present , question no 4 lapses .
( de ) but the text adopted by the committee reads :
the vote will be taken tomorrow at 9 a.m.
there are many colleagues who wish to make points of order and to speak. we are running very late. i will not take those points .
first , do the basic terms and criteria for the operating framework of the regulatory agencies need to be defined or not ?
( fr ) mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , several points have been raised , but the use of the european globalisation adjustment fund inspires two feelings in me .
mr president , i think this is an exciting debate , and i think our rapporteurs have done a quite outstanding piece of work that has also been duly recognised .
( it ) mr president , since i will not manage to say what i had to say in two minutes , i will give up my speech .
on the other hand , removal of the derogation would impose unnecessary administrative burdens and costs in these member states without bringing any visible benefits to anyone concerned .
thank you for inviting me to give the commission 's assessment of the results of the bonn conference on climate change .
the 2008 elections restored democracy and civilian government in pakistan , although that democracy is not completely stable .
better lawmaking - a shared responsibility ( 1998 ) [ com ( 1998 ) 715 - c5-0266 / 2000 - 1999 / 2197 ( cos ) ] ;
action taken on parliament 's positions and resolutions : see minutes
mr president , you must ask for votes against. you are asking only for votes in favour and not against. i am sorry ... i am not doing the translation .
7. data in the fisheries sector and scientific advice regarding the common fisheries policy ( vote )
however , i wish to state that i voted against paragraph 27 :
the funding for the development of europe 's transport system should take into account transport safety , as well as social , economic and territorial cohesion .
this is contrary to an agreement that this report should not duplicate the work of other reports but should concentrate solely on the competences and performances of the ecb .
i have a positive proposal for all of you .
to summarise , i believe that this report could have gone much further in establishing rules on the ethics governing members ' work in parliament .
b5-0909 / 2000 by pack and others , on behalf of the ppe-de group ;
implementation of the fundamental economic freedoms of the single market must not affect collective bargaining rights and the right to strike as defined by national legislation .
( the sitting was suspended at 1 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
i would like to thank the entire negotiating group and inform them that this agreement will see us well on the way to the negotiations in poznań next week .
the next item is the council and commission statements on council reform .
the order of business would thus be as follows :
i have therefore declared the motion inadmissible .
the vote will take place on tuesday at 12 noon .
i will not therefore be supporting this report as it relies so heavily on the suspension of disbelief .
the second is healthcare : diagnosis , drug delivery system , development and production of vaccines for hiv , tb , malaria and cardiac diseases .
i have received one motion for a resolution ( 1 ) tabled pursuant to rule 103 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
( the president cut off the speaker )
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see minutes
. ( de ) i voted to approve the accession treaties only under protest and out of solidarity with my future colleagues .
i therefore believe that the european union must broaden its action and deal also with this area of family assistance and of awareness-raising .
on behalf of the ppe-de group . - mr president , this is my last speech in the plenary , so it is a bit different .
i am sure that in the context of this discussion , the house would wish me also to congratulate mr kósa on his election to the intergroup chair .
( in successive votes , parliament adopted the three legislative resolutions )
mr fabre-aubrespy has a point of order .
there is , therefore , no alternative to dialogue and mutual respect. it is important to repeat the appeal made by religious communities .
subject : relations between the commission and the court of auditors
does the council not agree that the return of the elgin marbles would be an important cultural and psychological step towards the unification of europe ?
against that background i would like to respond to the amendments presented by the rapporteur , mr van dam and supported by several other members .
we have to influence the financial mechanisms which caused this debt and the structural adjustment policies which continue to contribute to it , spreading poverty throughout these countries .
mr president , prime minister , three elements puzzled and concerned me in your speech .
it is absolutely necessary that all institutions and authorities given special powers in the fight against terrorism be subject to full democratic control by an independent judiciary .
we should leave the arrangements as they are and in my opinion prolong them indefinitely .
i declare the session of the european parliament adjourned .
the vote will take place today at 12.00 noon .
thirdly , the iasb 's due process should be enhanced , mainly by ensuring that standards are subject to a full impact assessment before they are adopted .
as i said , it was a request to defend his immunity. it will be decided by our committee as usual , pursuant to rule 6 ( 3 ) .
i thought i was speaking such clear english that they would manage perfectly but i will , of course , slow down .
• fast decision making regarding funding : 14 weeks after the cut-off date
- ( b5-0510 / 2003 ) by mr vinci , on behalf of the gue / ngl group , on sri lanka .
. there are two key ideas in this report that led me to vote in favour , although i take exception to other points raised in the report .
1 – the acknowledgement of the specific nature of natural disasters occurring in the mediterranean ;
the next item is the vote .
mrs bloch von blottnitz , this is not the time for an explanation of vote or a debate .
the vote will take place at the end of the debates .
although the amendments that i endorsed did not secure majority support in this house , i feel that the balance of the text is positive , hence my vote in favour .
unfortunately , they all too often fall victim as a result of their passionate pursuit of their duties .
( the speaker agreed to take a blue card question under rule 149 ( 8 ) )
just for confirmation , according to the final draft agenda , the vote is not tomorrow as mr méndez de vigo implied , but on wednesday .
i believe these are the three topics that we need to examine. once the reports are available , we will adopt a common position , which i believe is necessary .
this proposed modification is restricted to public provocation to commit terrorist offences , and recruitment and training of terrorists , which now covers traditional and modern methods for sowing terror .
mr president , i will reply quickly. we all currently have the problem of difficulties with times , but we already knew this during the process of achieving streamlining .
worldwide , a rapid analysis of the year to be decided by 30 june shows that forecasts of production and prices are weakened by the facts .
first , in heading 1a , commitment appropriations are adjusted as follows :
then we shall proceed as planned .
i am sorry , i cannot do this. i am really sorry .
18. stepping-stone agreement towards an economic partnership agreement between the ec and côte d 'ivoire (
subject : disparity in global production standards
commissioner diamantopoulou , commissioner solbes , thank you both very much .
approval by parliament of commission president
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i have listened carefully to what everyone has said .
let me suggest that what you want is to delay the final vote .
through the socialist group in the european parliament 's amendments tabled in committee , it has been possible to improve on the excellent work done by the rapporteur .
finally , on a different note , i congratulate prime minister berlusconi on securing for historic and gastronomic parma the seat of the food safety agency .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12.00 .
madam president-in-office , we are all concerned about nuclear safety. can you envisage a new legal basis for settling nuclear safety questions on a europe-wide basis in future ?
thank you very much for this clarification .
i declare the session adjourned until 3 p.m.
what action does the commission take against large european undertakings involved in breaches of environmental legislation ?
in writing. british conservatives can welcome certain elements of this report such as the need to monitor the impact of illegal immigration on island communities .
guarantee against losses for eib loans
we now have a point of order that had been raised earlier .
thank you very much , madam commissioner .
- secondly , we need direct protection from the risk so that the soil is not washed away ;
although it is not a question , mrs durant can make a comment if she considers it appropriate .
mr barón crespo , we shall deal with that later .
colleagues , i would also like to remind you that taking appropriate action on climate change is a matter of ensuring human rights .
on 9 december , the european parliament celebrated international anti-corruption day. yesterday , the italian parliament launched its first day in favour of legalising the corruption of mps .
membership of political groups : see minutes
( parliament rejected the request to amend the agenda )
the current package is a substitute for a greater need which has been demonstrated in this debate , namely the need for genuine harmonisation of production within the european union .
7. protection of minors and human dignity and the right of reply ( vote )
the vote will take place tomorrow , thursday , at 12 noon .
we say exactly the same thing in the explanatory memorandum for this amendment and i must ask why the commission cannot accept it .
these are the main reasons for a vote against the new commission .
first of all , we have a charter which explicitly states the human rights obligations of the member states. that is truly wonderful .
14 . 2009 discharge : european monitoring centre for drugs and drug addiction (
so today i will just be bringing you up to date on the main issues under discussion .
11. nairobi conference on climate change ( vote )
we wanted to make this point here so that it can be recorded in the minutes of the sitting .
you do not agree with this choice , so we will take a formal vote. we will vote by means of the electronic system .
a ban on this kind of weapon must be implemented globally , through the un and on the initiative of the nation states , not by the european parliament .
the eu should also support cross-border regional cooperation , above all between countries that have previously been in conflict with one another or that have strained relations .
the report highlights areas of success , but it also points out shortcomings .
thank you for those answers , mr papoutsis , and for attending question time .
how is this reflected in the budget reform ?
mr president , the ilo said recently - in june when it launched its global pact for jobs - that the world should look different after the crisis .
i therefore call on parliament to support the proposal made by mrs kauffmann .
the particular situation of women in prison and the impact of the imprisonment of parents on social and family life ( debate )
quite apart from the problem of turkey ’ s accession , the eu is showing an extremely worrying tendency to interfere .
i believe it is our collective responsibility to work together to minimise their burden and to invest in innovation to prevent , diagnose , treat and manage these conditions .
it should , however , be emphasised that the strong endorsement of eu enlargement , highlighted by amendment 1 , which was adopted , i wholeheartedly subscribe to .
.i am obviously , as a matter of principle , in favour of opening up labour markets in the eu-15 to workers from eight new member states .
our ultimate aim is a healthy child. if , as a by-product , we have a happy pharmaceutical company , then we have achieved what we have intended and had to do .
president of the commission . - i will answer by saying ' no ' .
the vote will take place tomorrow , thursday .
the debate is closed. the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 : 30 .
the rapporteur 's endeavour to include risks from natural disasters and the references to respect for fundamental rights are an alibi for passing the new autocratic measures .
4. farm structure surveys and the survey on agricultural production methods (
the vote will take place at midday tomorrow ( wednesday , 22 september 2010 ) .
there are no changes to the agenda for the sittings on 22 and 23 march 1999 .
now we shall proceed to the same vote on mr haarder .
oral questions and written declarations ( submission ) : see minutes
b5-0149 / 1999 , by mr schori and others , on behalf of the pse group , on the alarming situation in chechnya ;
at tampere will the transport ministers be included in these discussions on how to protect civil aviation from these threats ?
this report is based on incorrect facts .
the oral question to the commission on ' a raw materials strategy for europe ' by mr szymański , on behalf of the ecr group - b7-0207 / 2011 ) .
i wonder , however , how one can talk of equidistance .
the project makes provision for an assessment of the situation of imprisoned journalists , financial support for these journalists and their families and information and public awareness campaigns .
as they deal with the same subject , questions nos 27 and 28 will be taken together .
( sk ) mr president , i congratulate you on your new role .
i declare adjourned the session of the european parliament .
these readmission agreements are dangerous for asylum-seekers , for the dissemination of human rights throughout the world and for the international stature of the european union .
secondly , priority has to be given to three strategies :
the debate is closed. the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
history teaches us that all parties of the extreme right bear within them the seeds of violence , and this violence always gives rise to tragedy .
mr president , unfortunately , i was unable to find any question in mr nogueira román ' s comment. so i am unable to give an answer .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12.00 noon .
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on thursday , 27 september 2007 .
i hope the feira council will decide to add this issue to the intergovernmental conference .
5. eu-australia agreement on the processing and transfer of pnr data (
let us be vigilant. turkey is closer than ever to our gates .
i have some objections , in addition to those expressed by mr schiedermeier , with which i agree , and these objections are :
- marie-hélène aubert , angelika beer , bernat joan i marí , joost lagendijk , raül romeva i rueda and frithjof schmidt , on behalf of the verts / ale group , on cluster munitions ( b6-0111 / 2004 ) ;
massive investment in human resources in the area of health care .
we agreed that this indicator would initially measure linguistic competence in the five most widespread languages in the eu 's educational systems : english , french , german , italian and spanish .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
i have received six motions for resolutions pursuant to rule 40 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure .
mr president , i would first of all like to congratulate mrs napoletano on her wonderful work .
however utopian this may seem , madam president , it is just as utopian as what was said about new technologies five to ten years ago .
( the sitting was suspended at 11.55 a.m. and resumed at 12.00 noon )
green paper on market-based instruments for environment and related policy purposes ( debate )
. i welcome this vote to give support to the sisters of robert mccartney in their fight to bring to justice his killers .
in writing . - ( ro ) in the next six months , the french presidency shall have a great responsibility for the future of the european union .
in writing . - it is essential that the european parliament chooses the right members for the right portfolios. i wish anni podimata the best in her new role .
5. long-term sustainability of public finances for a recovering economy (
oral questions and written declarations ( submission ) : see minutes
this approach rides roughshod over the peculiarities of the economies of the individual member states and clashes with the philosophy of different rates of growth in each member state .
it is your absolute right , but a request should have been tabled within the prescribed time. i cannot , therefore , follow it up .
let us now deal with what i believe to be a crucial issue in the report : the reform of the commission .
firstly , above all we must seek to maintain high quality community wine production. this we can rely on ;
in the meantime , there seems to be very little of the european spirit behind the restructuring operations currently under way .
( the president cut the speaker off )
dates of forthcoming sittings : see minutes
all right , that will be done .
i commend the rapporteur and his report. i support him completely , particularly in relation to option 2 , and i welcome the commissioner ’ s comments this evening .
the union is convinced that sending a negative signal on progress with international commitments on the non-proliferation of weapons would generally be damaging to world security .
among other points , the text defines the precise thematic areas of the agency 's activity to enable it to fulfil its mission and objectives successfully .
commissioner , i hope that you will take this up with your colleague. something really needs to happen on that front .
i repeat that we must understand what freedom is , as many do not know how to live with this .
i hope that commissioner liikanen will be able to respond positively to these four questions and requests .
differential treatment in the transport sector , particularly as regards the inclusion of civil aviation in the emission trading scheme ;
( the sitting was suspended at 8 p.m. and resumed at 9 p.m. )
the minutes of monday , 9 march 1998 have been distributed .
report ( a5 ­ 0277 / 2001 ) by mr ebner , on behalf of the committee on agriculture and rural development , on 25 years ' application of community legislation for hill and mountain farming [ 2000 / 2222 ( ini ) ]
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11.00 a.m.
( the sitting was closed at 11.55 p.m. )
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
( fr ) mr president , today , 14 february , st valentine 's day , i would like to point out that one in five women in europe is the victim of domestic violence .
3 . 2009 discharge : european medicines agency (
secondly , do we need a european public prosecutor ? it is a fascinating debate , which also involves other issues and certainly better collaboration .
responsibility for action to lie with the employer , not the workers , which is why ear protectors should not be taken into account ;
finally , i should like to compliment the rapporteur on the end result and thank him for the successful cooperation .
( fr ) you should not put the cart before the horse .
once more , welcome to brussels and to our parliament .
we shall now proceed to the vote .
the next item is the council and commission statements on the european code of conduct for arms exports .
it is the result of lengthy negotiations in which the european parliament has played a major role .
thank you very much , commissioner monti .
however , this development appears to be structural rather than seasonal. since 2005 the prices of dairy products for greece do not appear to reveal seasonal fluctuations .
mr remek , allow me to thank you for being here , because you know what there is in space .
in conclusion , ladies and gentlemen , votes are what counts , not shouting in the streets , and the signs are encouraging .
the important thing now is that we do not limit this intercultural dialogue to 2008 , but continue it in the next few years and beyond .
we agree with the honourable member , but i must point out that the initiative , when it comes to implementation and making the relevant proposals , lies with the european commission .
question no 1 has been withdrawn .
subject : selection criteria for senior management and high-profile executives in joint technology initiatives ( jti ) , and support for smes
thus , as you can see , the commission accepts your proposed amendments on the three central provisions of the commission text .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
a great many things have been said with which we agree. there are just two points i would like to raise .
we now come to the order of business .
mrs napoletano , we could of course proceed in that way .
we had a wonderful debate yesterday on the middle east but we need a lot more of that class of activity because we are a political institution .
texts of agreements forwarded by the council : see minutes
i wish to congratulate mr de rossa on his excellent report on the future of services of general interest .
the vote will take place on tuesday 16 december 2008 .
in summers , romania has increasingly dealt with periods of hot weather , floods and storms. this summer 's floods have left thousands of romanian citizens without a shelter and hygiene conditions .
the next item is the statement by the commission on international climate policy post-copenhagen : reinvigorating the international negotiations through immediate action .
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on thursday , 7 april 2011 .
. mr president , we now come to a measure of great length , weight , size , volume , thickness and complexity with the capacity to affect a wide range of instruments .
( fr ) mr president , i think i have covered most of the questions put , but it goes without saying that i remain at parliament 's disposal .
( de ) mr president , many thanks to mr deprez and mr guardans cambó for their comments. i think they are very much in line with our group 's position .
thank you , mr sánchez garcía. we wish you every success in your future professional or political career .
her report is therefore presented as a list of duties. duties that are , of course , reserved exclusively for the people of europe .
firstly , it introduces greater flexibility by allowing amendments to the geographical areas covered and by providing for additional kilowatt days in response to appropriate technical measures .
the vote will take place at midday on tuesday , 8 march .
17. commission green paper on the management of bio-waste in the european union (
given the still unresolved issues surrounding the patentability of computer-implemented inventions ( software patents ) , the question arises what the commission will do next .
russia must observe certain rules as regards the wto. they should first allow georgian wine onto their market before dreaming of wto membership .
the common manual on border control should be revised to include the common standards and to take account of best practice .
outcome of the bali climate change conference ( debate )
madam president , in deference to your international linguistic approach , commissioner , i will refrain from speaking in my national language and use the lingua franca of our epoch - english .
it is clear that a free-trade agreement will potentially benefit both sides , increasing the flow of goods and services , and enhance innovation and boost economic growth .
macro-financial assistance to bosnia and herzegovina
in conclusion , let me thank parliament and , in particular , the members of the committee on fisheries and the rapporteur for their constructive engagement on this important fight .
i would now like to address the british presidency with all due respect , friendship and frankness .
unless we want civil war to triumph over unity , all sides must face the facts : their refusal of dialogue has got them nowhere .
as the house approves the 20 % and does not deem it necessary to first reach an agreement with our neighbouring countries , i am voting against the report .
( the president cut off the speaker )
14. hiv / aids : early diagnosis and early care ( vote )
forwarding of texts adopted during the sitting : see minutes
madam president , i tried to catch your eye before this last roll-call vote. i would like my presence in the chamber recorded. i did not vote .
i welcome commissioner liikanen 's statement and his communication , which is a major step forward .
commissioner , minister jouyet , my group is expecting you to take rapid , rational and successful action , and to do so now .
achieve the millennium development goals , including those for preventing environmental degradation and observing social standards .
the minutes of yesterday 's sitting have been distributed .
the vote will take place at 11 : 30 .
2. the petitions process ( amendment of title viii of the rules of procedure ) (
( parliament approved the request for urgent procedure )
b5-0792 / 2000 , by mr marset campos and mr di lello finuoli , on behalf of the confederal group of the european united left / nordic green left , on the crisis in peru .
the vote will take place at 6.30 p.m.
i should like to conclude by congratulating the rapporteur once again. thank you .
mr president , president-in-office of the council , president of the commission , ladies and gentlemen , france has decided that its presidency will be synonymous with political commitment .
given these goals , how can national referenda on the proposed treaty be avoided ?
on all these issues , the council behaved as if it is ashamed of our values or ignorant of them altogether .
finally , three amendments were tabled for plenary. i can accept amendments 130 and 131 , but unfortunately not 132 .
mr president , firstly , i would very much like to congratulate mrs ayuso on the excellent work she has done .
mr president , i am voting in favour of adopting the report on the implementation of community funds in afghanistan .
the council seems to have ' forgotten ' the consequences of the moratoria on cod fishing , the failure to renew the morocco agreement and its refusal of funds for vessel modernisation .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
as far as human rights are concerned , morocco is making great improvements , but other countries are lagging behind. something should be done about this , too .
state control and censorship were sections of a draft amendment to a communications bill. through the ill-considered action of president kibaki , these have now become law .
the vote will take place on tuesday 18 november 2008 at 12 noon .
there is no question of the european union promoting or adopting a measure that is not clearly and firmly wto-compliant .
preparation of the european council ( 11-12 december 2008 ) ( debate )
mr president , last monday the british government announced feasibility studies into five tidal-power schemes in the severn estuary : three would be barrages and two would be lagoons .
i am backing adoption of this agreement as reached between employers and trade unions in june this year .
( parliament adopted the resolution ) explanations of vote
fishing is something on which we all cooperate , in both the north and south of the island. do not try to make it a political point of view .
mr president , may i first of all thank the parliament for its interest in the communication and congratulate mr murphy in his absence on his admirable report .
areas of development are expanding , there is greater freedom of choice in their uses and value – this significantly increases our chances for dynamic growth and cohesion .
mr president , mr needle is concerned about the smuggling of cigarettes out of andorra and wonders what measures the commission intends to take to combat this trade .
recommendation for second reading by mr cornelissen
mr president , i am asking for the floor pursuant to rule 108 in order to make a personal statement .
madam president , i have two points to make , the first on the procedure , the second on the voting list .
however , i should like to point something out to members of the european parliament .
( b5-0592 / 2001 ) by the members mrs kinnock and mr van den berg , on behalf of the pse group , on the situation in zimbabwe .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
what i would like to know is what shape bilateral cooperation with russia in matters of energy policy will take in the future .
3. controls , tell-tales and indicators for two- or three-wheel motor vehicles ( codified version ) ( vote )
david martin : 275 votesrenzo imbeni : 252gerhard schmid : 249
this report is vitally important in the context of the work that the eu is carrying out on cohesion policy and on cooperation and development policy .
the european integration model has developed along the lines of strategies for mutual support for stable economic growth , social development and environmental protection .
will the president-in-office agree to pursue this matter directly ?
i should also like to stress the need to strike a consistent balance between the principles of complementarity and subsidiarity in the drafting of new community action programmes .
according to rule 96 ( 2 ) , ' if a procedural motion ' ...
in the current situation , by no means should defence instruments be relaxed , as that would stifle current eu productivity , especially small and medium-size businesses , particularly in new member states .
we urge the house to refer this report back to committee , where we will have sufficient time to address these extremely important issues as regards eu-china cooperation .
mr president , my name is pronounced sacrédeus and it is a family name we have in sweden .
b5-0222 / 2001 by mrs pack and others , on behalf of the ppe-de group , on the situation in afghanistan .
the vote will be taken tomorrow at 12 noon .
we should also reflect on the fact that one way of remedying distortions of competition is to reduce taxes on environmentally friendly modes of transport .
we expect the swedish presidency to be ready to discuss this over the next few days and also ...
. i hope this proposal will be successful in its aims of modernising and improving the existing eu rules in the field of motor insurance .
in writing . - i voted in favour of my group colleague ms kallenbach 's report on weapons , which represents a well-earned compromise .
i believe that the decisions taken at tampere neither meet expectations nor address the extent of the problems .
mr aldo , i cannot let you continue. the rule is , objections regarding topical and urgent subjects are raised but cannot be debated .
in november 2002 , the court of justice of the european union ruled that certain provisions in these bilateral agreements were incompatible with community law .
in answer to the question about a stable labour market in the european union , you said that the council is considering all aspects of immigration policy .
subject : eu ban on anti-personnel mines
18. commission reports on competition policy 2006 and 2007 (
what we can do now is decide to adjourn the joint debate .
the minutes of yesterday 's sitting have been distributed .
the key issues in this report were regional transparency , solidarity and cooperation. security of gas supply must be ensured for the economic development and political stability of europe .
implementation of the single euro payments area ( sepa ) ( debate )
i would appeal for support for the release of dawit isaak .
all parliamentary questions submitted to the commission and to the council on the occasion of the forthcoming european summit on roma are linked by several common denominators .
the two approaches are not mutually exclusive !
mr president , yesterday , i was asked to give three reasons why people should vote against this report. that is pretty easy : democracy , democracy and democracy .
honourable members , i should like , once again , to thank you for the work you have done on this proposal .
we also place on record that without an agreement on the funding framework these guidelines will be utterly meaningless .
communication of council common positions : see minutes
we must make full use of the opportunities afforded by the treaty of lisbon to strengthen european governance in the short term. there is no time to lose .
so there has been real progress , and that message must be loud and clear .
( the sitting was suspended at 12.40 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see minutes
as shadow rapporteur for mr sterckx 's report , i would like to express my full support for the document put to the vote .
subject : sharing the burden of refugees and asylum applicants
the vote will take place this afternoon at 5.30 p.m.
i would like finally to thank all the workers in this institution without whose work we would not be able to carry out our own .
the vote will take place during voting time , which will begin now .
those responsible for breaking the law and disturbing the peace must not derive any benefit from their actions .
( the house rose and observed a minute 's silence )
i shall submit an explanation of vote. thank you .
i have received six motions for resolutions pursuant to rule 40 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure .
( explanation of vote abbreviated in accordance with rule 137 ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure )
finally , the political effort must be backed up with financial support , and the daphne programme can provide a suitable framework for this .
the next item is the debate on six motions for resolutions on violations of human rights and democracy in the republic of mari el in the russian federation . ( 1 )
madam president , there is no doubt that europe would be well advised to seize the opportunity presented to us here by the chairman of the palestinian legislative council .
finally , i agree with the ideas on human rights and balanced development , which must be major objectives for those countries wishing to join the european union .
we are counting on you , mr topolánek , on your presidency , to show drive and to guide europe during this difficult period .
it is expected that the work can be finalised in 2008. the commission will then propose to adhere to the relevant unece regulation with revised limit values .
the eur 4.5 billion reduction in the structural and cohesion funds in the eu budget for 2008 justifies our vote against this report .
that concludes the statements of vote .
– mr president , i have to tell mr harbour that appearance and reality are often not the same .
with regard to the arts , please come to london to visit the british museum and see the great persepolis exhibition , opened by the vice-president of iran last month .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12.00 noon .
b5-0545 / 2002 by mr collins , on behalf of the uen group , on the situation in nepal ;
member of the commission . - i fully agree with your concern - in my view , counterfeiting is much more than a financial problem .
that concludes the explanations of vote .
- at the end of the vote :
thank you very much , mr president .
. the protection of the deep-water coral reefs in the atlantic ocean is , naturally , of special interest to portugal .
( the sitting was suspended at 19.10 and resumed at 21.00 )
mr president , the minutes do not record my presence yesterday. i would like that corrected .
we are against creating a separate ' european democracy fund ' , because it will be yet another tool at the service of imperialist intervention by the european union .
international financial reporting standards and the governance of the international accounting standards board ( debate )
the next item is the continuation of the debate on the council 's statement on the situation in kosovo which was suspended prior to the vote .
moving on to the second question of how we can make european union action more effective :
i trust that these proposals will elicit a positive response from the commission so that we can protect our forests more efficiently .
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see minutes
the economic strangulation of catalonia hits one of the main economic drivers in southern europe and , for this reason , is a problem for the european union as a whole .
next , democratic control. in particular , control by this parliament of the decisions adopted , a problem which has become much more serious following the introduction of the codecision procedure .
we will try to resolve the problem you have raised in your speech , mrs maes .
subject : status of third-party certifiers in the eu
i am convinced that this text will save children from the worst kind of horror .
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
thank you , mrs van der laan. as you can see , this provides some incentive for you to attend in great numbers on friday in order to vote .
( the sitting was suspended at 1 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
( protests from the right and applause from the left )
mr leal labrín is accompanied by chilean mps mr gonzalo duarte leiva and mr germán becker alvear. we welcome them and thank them for visiting us .
that concludes the voting on the budget. mr brinkhorst , as rapporteur , would like to address the house again .
the vote will take place on thursday at 11.30 a.m.
it was absolutely crucial for the report to take age-based health inequalities into account , as it has now done .
commissioner , the commission is free to speak for as long as it likes and to say as much as is necessary .
( the house decided to continue voting )
the third point concerns aquaculture and the implications on the maritime environment. we need more research on that score too , particularly to find more closed systems .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
for these reasons , i would like to ask this house for its support to move forward with this initiative .
i therefore hope that the commission , as well as the council , understand the challenges we are faced with , and that they take appropriate action .
as the commissioner said , there is always room for improvement , and i hope to see improvement in the areas i have mentioned .
. ( it ) in her report - which i voted for - the rapporteur has rightly described the proposal for a regulation before us and the additional proposals as innovative .
this mechanism has helped to make the agri-food sector more dynamic and to preserve traditional production methods , providing consumers with high quality products .
with regard to amendment no 21 on functional blocks of airspace , which proposes a centrally-planned top-to-bottom approach : i believe this overlooks local requirements .
the next item is the joint debate on the following two reports :
. ( fr ) we are , of course , in favour of improving the quality of petrol and diesel fuels in order to protect the environment .
( pl ) may i begin by thanking the commissioner for a very comprehensive response on this subject .
subject : dissolution of the eu 's 10 % biofuel target
whereas he tried to obtain a favourable electoral situation from the first two waivers of immunity , the third is likely to prove fatal to him !
as you have rightly said , it is estimated that by 2050 , the number of people with dementia will have doubled in europe .
i would ask that we vote for the report as it stands .
2. classification , labelling and packaging of substances and mixtures ( amendment of directives 76 / 768 / eec , 88 / 378 / eec , 1999 / 13 / ec , 2000 / 53 / ec , 2002 / 96 / ec and 2004 / 42 / ec ) (
this wrongly gave the impression that the council and the commission had agreed to the building being financed with the help of the then property developer .
finally , i wish this programme every success and hope that the monitoring and evaluation issues that the committee on budgets has put forward are taken up .
mr president , the floor is yours .
please support this oral amendment. we should not ask the authorities , but insist .
it now remains for me to explain to you the spirit in which the presidency intends to deal with the main problems posed internationally at present .
the business aviation segment offers important social and economic benefits : by providing flexible point-to-point transportation it increases citizens ' mobility , companies ' productivity and regional cohesion .
as much as i welcome efforts to cushion the effects on children , i do see a risk that this could give further impetus to illegal immigration .
we have therefore voted against the request for a new directive and abstained from all part votes on the shape of the proposed directive .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
madam president , i should like to ask the house to approve an oral amendment to the slovakia report , which reads as follows - in german :
the first item is the presentation of the court of auditors ' annual report for 2009 .
it is necessary to ensure that the actions of alternative investment fund managers are subject to rigorous scrutiny in terms of governance ;
against this background , i have today voted no to the european parliament 's resolution on this issue .
mr president , you too were born in the region of asturias and so you are naturally concerned about matters involving our region .
mr president , i would like to offer my sincere congratulations to mrs fourtou on this important report. it is vital for intellectual property to be protected .
nonetheless , this is a good day for europe because it brings us more transparency. i would like to thank all those involved for what has been achieved .
we moderates are therefore voting against the above report .
finally , i would like to encourage the council and the european commission to try to find an ambitious agreement .
the vote will take place on thursday at 12 noon .
the committee on budgets also supports an additional sum from the phare programme of eur 200 million for 2000-2006 for the closure of the kozloduy nuclear power station .
2009 budget guidelines - ( sections i , ii , iv , v , vi , vii , viii et ix ) ( debate )
i am convinced that this package of actions , which will be soon undertaken at eu level , provides an important basis for moving forward in the field of urban mobility .
7. agreement between the ec and uruguay on certain aspects of air services ( vote )
mr president , yesterday a very serious event occurred : italy was insulted ...
i regret the length of my reply , but this is a vitally important matter for all citizens of the european union .
· fourthly , illegal building on burnt land should be strictly prohibited ;
i give the floor to mr verheugen to answer this question tabled by mr hindley , which has been taken over here this evening by mr newens .
a financial framework , which you said must produce better results , has to produce better results than the current policy .
( the president cut the speaker off )
unless employers are forced to respect the safety and lives of their workers instead of making profit their number one priority , even the best resolutions will remain hesitant speeches .
furthermore , all motor vehicles would most likely continue to be distributed through the same type of selective and exclusive distribution systems if no new regulatory regime was introduced .
i would like to call once again for the problem not to be reduced to mere discussion on information and freedom of movement .
- before the vote on amendment 15 :
making full use of information and telecommunications technology is a precondition for a more competitive europe and for sustainable growth .
the vote will not take place today at 5.30 p.m.
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
i am convinced that this partnership between the private and public sectors will help to speed up the distribution of better and safer medicines .
we must finally overcome this contradiction : the two things must be possible , trade and a sensible policy on the disease. vaccination is not just an emotive issue ....
subject : algerian ban on wafa party
. ( fr ) this resolution proposes to create a new budget to be used for combating mortality during pregnancy and childbirth in the poor countries of the world .
notwithstanding those reservations , i support the report that has been submitted .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11.00 a.m.
could the commissioner answer one question which was put to me : why , if this is right for air travel , should it not apply to other modes of transport ?
on the contrary , we need to focus primarily on a europe-wide solution to traffic problems and on the promotion of alternative means of transport .
these amendments , mr mikolášik , have been covered by the first package .
i would appeal for sanity and responsibility in order to find a solution to a problem we have had for decades .
i declare adjourned the session of the european parliament .
the vote will take place on wednesday , 20 february 2008 .
a sea change away from the eu 's current policies is therefore needed .
mr president , i wish to follow the example of mr wurtz and formally withdraw our motion for a resolution as well .
my report is , of course , not affected by this. i would just like this to be recorded in the minutes before the vote .
a motion for a resolution to wind up the debate has been tabled under rule 115 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure .
it is also vital for us to have the flexibility to redistribute resources .
that is to say , questions to the council is not being cancelled , but rather it is being shortened by half an hour .
the vote will be taken tomorrow at 9.30 a.m ..
implementing measures ( rule 88 ) : see minutes
better lawmaking - a shared responsibility ( 1998 ) [ com ( 1998 ) 715 - c5-0266 / 2000 - 1999 / 2197 ( cos ) ]
the next item is the report of the council and the commission on the strategy of the european union towards belarus .
joint action is necessary to protect the environment , biodiversity and forests , and to fight climate change , desertification and the scarcity of water .
this is best done in relevant international conventions and in the charter. however , i will not oppose this amendment if both council and parliament are willing to accept it .
. i have voted against the interinstitutional agreement .
by the way , i can only speak for myself , but i am no bureaucrat - i am a directly elected member of this house .
special attention should be given to the social aspects of adjustment , including to the risks related to employment and the effects on living and inhabiting conditions .
galicians are admirable. the disaster of the prestige has become the disaster of josé maría aznar and the ' prestige ' of the galician people .
against this background , we have chosen , as swedish christian democrats , to vote against the report .
i take note of your protest but thank you for your cooperation on this occasion any way .
we are therefore seeing a process of convergence of these pieces of legislation and the expression of this will be the european union signing the convention .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12.00 noon .
the committee on regional policy , transport and tourism has already adopted a report on this subject .
( parliament agreed to the tabling of the oral amendment ) - on paragraph 4
( the president cut off the speaker )
madam president , allow me to use an expression from history : ' a spectre is rising over europe ' - the spectre of changing economic policy .
the vote will take place on wednesday 26 september 2007 .
madam president , the lehne report focuses on an extremely worthy objective , that of rendering the treatment of members ' auxiliary staff and assistants more transparent and fair .
thank you very much , commissioner de silguy .
mr president , i am grateful to mr simpson for raising this crucial issue which is of interest to many members of this parliament and also to the commission .
this concludes my comments. i would once again like to express my thanks to the rapporteur .
without loosing any more time we must :
i have just said that it will be verified. that means that it will be verified immediately. we are dealing with it .
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
( the president cut off the speaker )
( sk ) mr president , i would like to talk about the luhan report , which is the final topic in today 's debate .
both the council and the commission look forward to receiving your input and opinion , as everyone is eager to move ahead and start implementing this important initiative without delay .
mr president , honourable members , i would like , very briefly , to sum up this debate , which is one for which i am very grateful .
( the president cut the speaker off )
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
i must say that we socialists have been at the forefront , right from the start , in reinforcing transparency and control and , as a result , democracy with regard to lobbyists .
thank you very much , mrs oomen-ruijten. i must say , the clock was on your side because it only started counting some way into your speech .
we must make clever use of market forces , because it is consumers who decide in the long term how their food is produced .
i have a right to defend myself under rule 108 and you are wasting my time by interrupting me .
consequently , i simply wish to thank you for your answer and welcome the proposed action .
this is a very worthwhile proposal , and i am sure the house will support it tomorrow .
and i think that this shortness is justified , for , in a time of crisis , we should work to manage the crisis and not spend time on lengthy votes .
however , the proposal is inadequate in one area , that of international cooperation and links with the world trade organisation and environmental regulations .
τhe next item is the topical item of the day , the joint debate on the following reports on women in the european union :
i hope the house can accept this .
i would finally like to congratulate the rapporteur , mr ebner , on his wonderful report .
mr böge , i am sorry , but just as i was about to speak about the report ’ s good aspects , my time ran out .
good administration and anti-grass roots / anti-democratic policy are irreconcilable .
also , the abolition of duty-free sales will decrease carriers ' incomes and lead to price increases , which is bound to be detrimental to the development of tourism and travel .
fundamentalism and the european legal order
i declare the session of the european parliament adjourned .
– mr president , mr weber has brought his experience to bear in his excellent report and for that i congratulate him .
president-in-office . - ( sl ) firstly , regarding the question posed by mrs pleštinská .
thank you very much , mr liikanen .
and i want to thank mrs dührkop personally for the effort she has made on this , as a basque and as someone committed to cultural pluralism .
this represents a clear improvement on prevalent practice to date .
voters in germany , austria and finland will not stand for it if , for example , there should be new bailouts for greece or if this case should fail .
mr president , i come from wales , which has mountains , islands , sparsely populated areas and much more. therefore , i welcome the proposals in the motion for a resolution .
that is a matter for your group and the other groups to decide at the conference of presidents .
i thank the rapporteur and the commission for putting this protective directive before the saving consumers of europe .
the next item is the council and commission statements on transatlantic relations .
it was a great pleasure for my group to take part in the discussions on the compromise , not least on account of the reference to criminal law in amendment no 206 .
in this spirit , i welcome the constructive proposals put forward in the de larosièr report , as regards financial institutions .
ladies and gentlemen , that concludes question time. questions nos 21 to 44 will be dealt with in writing .
' ... the persistent violations of international law by israel call for urgent action on the part of the union ' .
we shall now proceed to the vote .
if we want to turn the european union into a strong and assertive entity , then we need to strengthen it in four key policy areas .
( the president interrupted the speaker to ask her to speak more slowly , at the request of the interpreters )
( the sitting was closed at 10.05 p.m. )
we are a union of 25 developed countries , a community built on the cornerstones of freedom , solidarity and mutual respect , and the world ’ s largest economic bloc .
agenda for next sitting : see minutes
9. budgetary surveillance in euro area (
i confirm directly to the member who raised this question that i shall certainly be discussing the matter when , god willing , i visit egypt myself next month .
once you have been to cork you will never wish to leave .
this is why i shall vote against the resolutions on assent , even though i endorse the resolution accompanying the brok report following the improvements made in the house .
action taken on parliament 's resolutions : see minutes
after the vote on amendment 3
we therefore need to collect detailed data in order to address healthcare-associated infections .
thank you very much , mr toubon. we shall verify what you say and make corrections where necessary .
i commend the proposals in mr cornelissen 's report to the house and hope that it will get full support .
the project should be rooted in a strategy of public investment and monitoring. solutions ensuring its funding must be found in the context of international cooperation .
ladies and gentlemen , mr cohn-bendit has the floor , and your behaviour in this matter does little for parliament 's reputation .
i will end by wishing mr bowis a speedy recovery. his case proves that cross-border services are already functioning without this directive .
risk analyses have confirmed that the most important risks for the r4 / k2 project have been mapped and have reasonably been taken into account in the estimate , including contingencies .
currently , the meps and their assistants are being asked to have the inoculation , and i would like to share a number of concerns with you .
i therefore await with interest the new development strategy for the european union ’ s neighbourhood policy due to be drafted shortly .
mr schulz , i cannot let the word ' rabble ' pass as a description of members of parliament .
kenneth d. collins recommendation for second reading ( a4-0146 / 98 )
this is why i voted against the report in the final vote .
– the report [ 2005 / 2056 ( ini ) ] ( a6-0173 / 2006 ) by mr brok , on behalf of the committee on foreign affairs , on improving eu-us relations in the framework of a transatlantic partnership agreement and
we have one more wish to add to the list of outstanding tasks , namely simplification of market transactions between the united states and europe .
subject : human rights situation in the western sahara
i thank mr collins for asking this question at such a sensitive moment in the iraq crisis .
b5-0419 / 2002 , by mr sakellariou , mr paasilinna and mr wiersma , on behalf of the pse group , on sentencing of grigory pasko in russia ;
mr president , we are most certainly looking forward to further cooperation with slovenia and a successful integration process .
the vote on the dary report has demonstrated once again that the european parliament does not respect the internationally agreed trading rules .
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
implementing the report 's proposals in this regard will constitute a further step forward in both parliament 's emancipation and in the democratic unification of the european continent .
the placing on the market of pyrotechnic articles ( debate )
the report by mrs laperrouze , on behalf of the committee on industry , research and energy , on the second strategic energy review ;
therefore , out of support for these events , we will be voting against this resolution on the results of the ghent summit .
that is why we voted against this resolution .
seven months after the road transport strike in france , the european union is beginning to be aware of gaps in its legislation on working hours .
we need to examine the issue beyond the question of the fires .
4 . 16th session of the united nations human rights council ( geneva , 28 february - 25 march 2011 ) (
it is also in marked contrast to the previously stated remarks of foreign affairs minister brian cowen in the irish examiner of the 3rd july 2000 :
i did listen to the debate. you are not part of one of the major groups. i am sorry about that .
mr president , i would like to thank the minister for his very comprehensive response .
i have received six motions for resolutions tabled in accordance with rule 103 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
that being so , i will not press the matter of a vote on the procedure but we should then proceed to the vote on the quaestors .
it was its single-minded , blind , ideological commitment to deregulation that led to a catalogue of disastrous decisions on which bse evolved .
will the council ensure that the justified action that it is taking to assist victims of the tsunami is not undertaken at the expense of aid to africa ?
( b5-0545 / 2003 ) by bob van den bos , on behalf of the eldr group , on the end of the moratorium on the death penalty in the philippines ;
madam president , i do have one comment on yesterday 's minutes , and i will use this opportunity to raise a point of order , if i may .
nos 7 and 8 because they deal with issues relating to the political situation in chad on which we had a debate just before this question time .
forwarding of texts adopted during the sitting : see minutes
i must point out , mr president , that the clock is fast - i have not been speaking for three and a half minutes yet !
crime is rife in all the capitals of europe ;
– madam president , ladies and gentlemen , better community lawmaking means assessing and defining the endeavour with regard to its technical side .
b5-0345 / 1999 by mrs berès , on behalf of the pse group , on the floods in november 1999 in the south of france ;
the supply of information to the public is also rightly stressed .
questions which have not been answered for lack of time will be answered in writing ( see annex ) .
the eu policy is to move towards regional cooperation and integration. is that also a policy that the united nations organisations are following and will support ?
we have abstained so as to avoid blocking the slight relaxation for border residents with respect to schengen , without endorsing inhumane legislation .
it is also important that these new proposals from the commission allow for a right to take cases to the courts .
the minutes of the last sitting have been distributed .
the report by dariusz rosati on behalf of the committee for economic and monetary affairs on the eurozone annual report 2007 ( 2007 / 2143 ( ) ini ) and
mr president , i also wish to join my colleagues in thanking the committee and the rapporteur in particular for their tremendous work on this report .
in the final votes , we voted against the above reports for the following reasons .
the next item is voting time .
( de ) madam president , ladies and gentlemen , i can only recommend that my fellow member does not stand for this parliament again ; then he will have done his job well .
i am grateful to mr frattini for facilitating the outcome and to the rapporteur for all his hard work in arriving at this agreement .
in my view , the proposal represents a significant improvement on the previous one , and therefore warranted my vote .
commissioner , on behalf of our sole but very attentive spectator , i thank you very much .
still on haccp , this system is the full responsibility of the food business operators. amendment no 108 is therefore not acceptable .
mr president , i would say that our parliament has worked extremely well and that we should congratulate our rapporteur , robert goebbels , on his excellent work .
those who claim to defend consumers are in fact protecting parallel import circuits which threaten quality , innovation and employment and encourage counterfeiting .
- mrs doyle , had i known that you would bring up the wooden spoon award for the italians , i would not have given you the floor on this point .
madam president , we are obviously all in favour of protecting vulnerable marine ecosystems from destructive fishing practices .
thirdly , that in future reviews of the trans-european networks , greater importance is attached to the access of the remote regions to the central regions and to island regions .
thank you , president-in-office , for your answer. i , for one , was very happy with it , but deliberately did not say very much .
mrs angelilli , thank you. i have taken note of your comment .
6. action to tackle cardiovascular disease ( vote )
this regulation is one more instrument that will help the member states to meet their 2020 commitments to reduce co2 from sectors outside the eu ets .
b5-0416 / 2002 , by mr van der laan , on behalf of the eldr group , on homosexuals in egypt ;
i agree with your fellow member , mr verhofstadt .
explanations of vote- maaten report ( a5-0348 / 2000 )
finally , our proposals should aim to organise the future , not de-organise everything achieved in the past .
in writing . - ( de ) my reasons for voting against the returns directive are as follows :
- joint motion for a resolution : natural disasters
are you withdrawing the request for a split vote ?
not another word on the matter. ladies and gentlemen , i am very sorry , but we cannot have a debate on it .
( de ) mr president , mr mann , i hope you are in regular contact with your chancellor , if you see things in the same way that i do .
the first item is the joint debate on the following reports :
i will finally comment on the fourth proposal , to create a european railways agency , on which mr savary has done some very considerable work .
( the sitting was closed at 10.50 p.m. )
thank you , mr ribeiro e castro .
this is yet another unacceptable situation , resulting from the current security drift , which is jeopardising the rights , freedoms and guarantees of citizens .
this proposal for a decision is therefore referred back to the committee responsible for reconsideration .
mr president , i welcome and support both reports and i congratulate both rapporteurs on those documents .
protection of juveniles of marine organisms
mr president , i know my place , and we can therefore make a start on this subject matter .
hence the concern to create the necessary conditions to encourage transnational investments in network infrastructure .
i ask the president to respond to this and to explain the behaviour of mr brok in his discrimination against meps from the new member states .
the vote will take place on wednesday at noon .
– mr cohn-bendit , please refrain from commenting .
monitoring is ongoing and annual reports are publicly available on the commission 's website .
the next item is the joint debate on :
( the sitting was opened at 9.05 a.m. )
debates on cases of breaches of human rights , democracy and the rule of law ( debate )
( ro ) the creation of the committee on climate change was determined by the direct impact climate changes have on the planet , endangering the existence of humankind in general .
( the president cut the speaker off )
the following questions have been submitted to the commission .
we will now interrupt the debate for the vote. the debate will be resumed this afternoon at 3 p.m.
it is unfortunate that the aspects i have just mentioned overshadow the desirable things that could be achieved. i have therefore voted against the report in today 's vote .
the next item is the vote .
my country , which represents 16 % of the european union ’ s territory , contains 40 % of the entire natura 2000 network : 25 % of spanish territory is included in it .
subject : violation of civil rights in turkey
is there a speaker in favour of this request ?
lastly i should like to ask the commissioner whether he would agree that this matter should now be raised within the un security council .
the portuguese social democrat meps thus support the sacconi report ...
( fr ) minister , you have given me exactly the same answer that mrs ferrero-waldner gave me three times , but you are not in fact answering the question .
50 . 2008 discharge : european police college
( the sitting was suspended at 10.44 a.m. and resumed at 11 a.m. )
if you really want to talk objectively about solving the problems of the roma , then we have to address the reasons and the causes that lead to discrimination .
i welcome your commitment to take action in the social services and health area. that is also an urgent matter .
finally , in my opinion , the proposals made in parliament to place italy under observation are ridiculous. italy does not need lessons in democracy from any political grouping in parliament .
community legal framework for a european research infrastructure ( eri ) ( debate )
( for the results and other details on the vote : see minutes )
we now continue with the vote .
in its analysis of the pact , however , the commission has seen that in certain cases temporary deviations are justified provided that they are for reasons aimed at improving growth .
i give mrs garcía arias the floor on a point of order .
the proposal which is being put forward to us today therefore represents an important step in the right direction in the area of short sea shipping .
to summarise : this is not just about supporting a key sector of our economy but is an approach from which we all stand to benefit in the long run .
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
in the final draft of article 6 referring to ' delays ' , the exclusion of ' extraordinary circumstances ' places an unacceptable financial burden on the carrier .
it is extremely regrettable that the report did not receive the support of parliament .
i firmly believe that mutual cooperation in the fight against climate change , seeking common approaches in the areas of science , research and innovation , will prove beneficial to both sides .
thank you , mr aparicio sánchez. we shall add mr galeote quecedo ' s statement to the minutes .
the next item is the joint debate on four reports produced on behalf of the european parliament ’ s delegation to the conciliation committee :
subject : decision on complaint concerning the thessaloniki underground railway and implementation of community legislation on public contracts
considering the issue under discussion from this point of view , i would encourage member states of the union to :
- before the vote ( oral amendments to amendments 62 , 65 and 75 )
if we do not do this , the average person will survive the crisis and grow again , but we will entrench destitution for a long time .
investment in research into climate change and its impact on natural disasters and into energy sources other than fossil fuels must be stepped up .
this report is one of the first fisheries legislative initiatives adopted under the treaty of lisbon , and therefore some procedural delay was involved .
on behalf of the gue / ngl group . - ( ga )
. – mr president , it has almost become routine in this chamber for us to have a legislative framework against terrorism in every plenary session .
in my opinion however , the projects should include energy connections between poland and germany .
( the sitting was suspended at 10.50 and resumed at 11.00 )
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
i therefore voted in favour of this report .
area of freedom , security and justice ( afsj ) 2007 ( motions for resolutions tabled ) : see minutes
europe means too much to too many to allow this crisis to stop it in its tracks .
we have therefore abstained from voting on this report .
in connection with this debate , i have received six motions for resolutions tabled pursuant to rule 42.5 of the rules of procedure
if we are to recognise and extend the rights of animals we must stop causing them unnecessary suffering and refrain from cruelty. that is the purpose of this report .
dear friends in the council , do not bury your heads in the sand like ostriches. reality is tough , but it must be faced with choices of courage and strength .
finally , the commission is determined to support india 's course of economic reform and modernisation. our regulatory dialogue , student exchanges and scientific cooperation will all serve to underpin ongoing reform .
since the time allocated to questions to the council has now expired , questions nos 14 to 40 will be dealt with in writing .
can the council say what new steps it intends to take to ensure the abolition of practices which violate fundamental human rights ?
i have voted against the draft report .
mr president , the situation in the fisheries sector is very serious. the fuel price is high , yet the price of fish is low , at a record low , in fact .
the vote will take place today at 12 noon .
( parliament approved the initiative of the kingdom of sweden )
i believe this is an important step to better cooperation between enforcement agencies which , hopefully , will lead to a fully harmonised road safety enforcement across the eu .
question no 4 by eva kjer hansen , which has been taken over by mrs spaak ( h-1176 / 98 ) subject : institutional problems on enlargement
mr matsakis will speak on a procedural matter .
. i endorse the directive on the addition of vitamins , minerals and certain other substances to foods .
what steps , mr prodi , would you be willing to take along this road in 2001 ?
- freezing the funds and economic resources of persons impeding the peace process and
i shall now ask you , please , to observe a minute ' s silence .
the report also includes dialogue with kosovo regarding its inclusion in this process. that implicitly constitutes recognition and violates international law and serbia 's sovereignty over this territory .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , as we already said last june , the results of amsterdam are not satisfactory. an observation made here , of course , and elsewhere too .
we are heading straight for the wall , while sounding the horn. parliament knows it , and it is one of the virtues of the böge report that it says so .
mr president , it is now a great honour for me to ask you to take the floor before the european parliament .
i abstained from voting in the final vote. the swedish christian democrats do not believe that military issues should be accommodated within closer cooperation .
the next item is voting time .
as they deal with the same subject , questions no 10 and 11 will be taken together .
mr president , first of all , like all of the other speakers , i want to congratulate mrs jöns on her undertaking , on her work and on her excellent report .
( the president cut off the speaker )
and it seems important , bearing in mind everything that has been said here , to point out an issue which , in my opinion , symbolises this setting for the citizen .
i would like once again to thank mr imbeni and of course mr jarzembowski for their work throughout this time .
ii. proposal for a council decision amending decision 88 / 591 / ecsc , eec , euratom , establishing a court of first instance of the european communities ( 9614 / 1999 - c5-0167 / 1999 - 1999 / 0805 ( cns ) ) .
we shall now proceed to the vote .
now that we have a high representative who is a vice-president of the commission , that person must be more visible on issues of this kind .
in the debate on the research into the case of ' mad cow disease ' , it was made clear that :
mr president , i would like to join in the general praise for mr garot ’ s wonderful report , which is as timely as it is necessary .
i am pleased that our proposal to retain the current monitoring bodies was approved , but regret the fact that all of the others were rejected .
( the president cut off the speaker )
mr president , in answering this debate , i should like to invite the commissioner to focus on two points. one follows on from what the last speaker said .
mr president , president-in-office , commissioner , the strategic importance of afghanistan cannot be overestimated. a peaceful and stable afghanistan is an important bulwark against the resurgence of extremism in the region .
( for the results and other details on the vote : see minutes . )
the vote will take place on thursday at 12.00 noon .
the way forward from this debate must be based on a number of clear points :
on the use of reduced vat rates to achieve environmental goals , the commission services are currently studying the issue .
( mrs wulf-mathies confirmed this . ) the debate is closed .
mr president , as your colleagues beside you will tell you , i always try to take the floor on budget matters .
that proposed solution was subsequently examined by the budgetary trialogue and will now be formally presented for approval at the conciliation committee meeting of 24 november 2003 .
as it seems that mrs schreyer wishes to respond , she has the floor .
( parliament rejected the request for urgent procedure )
subject : plans for third runway at london heathrow
mr watts , do you wish to make a point of order ?
how does the commission evaluate progress so far in attaining these two objectives ?
madam president , i strongly support the principle of passenger rights , and it is only right that customers should expect a high standard of service .
i regret that i have to contradict the honourable member , as the exact opposite is true .
we shall now proceed to the vote .
mr president , sadly , north korea remains a constant in terms of human rights violations .
stamping out of infected animals and those likely to promulgate the disease remains the principal method to effectively counteract any outbreak .
report ( a5-0158 / 2000 ) by mr zimeray , on behalf of the committee on legal affairs and the internal market , on the request for waiver of the immunity of johann kronberger .
question no 11 by esko seppänen ( h-0016 / 99 ) subject : wassenaar arrangement
- ( fr ) although we do not support all the proposed measures , we have voted for this report .
- kathalijne maria buitenweg , hélène flautre and jean denise lambert , on behalf of the verts / ale group , on guantánamo ( b6-0117 / 2004 ) ;
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , first of all i would like to congratulate mr navarro on his excellent report .
the vote will take place on wednesday at noon .
in writing . - ( it ) madam president , ladies and gentlemen , i welcome mrs tzampazi 's report on mental health .
9. protocol to the ec / switzerland agreement for establishing the state responsible for examining asylum requests (
. mr president , i will try to reply to most of the questions .
for all these reasons , i support mrs oomen-ruijten 's report .
fifthly , the mechanisms of repression are being strengthened under the pretext of combating terrorism .
i welcome the commission 's initiative concerning the creation of a publicly accessible database of national measures adopted in transposition of these directives .
mr president , as one of a very small number of men attending this important debate , and as a scientist myself , i feel the need to say this :
let me just briefly go through some of the recommendations and the principles underpinning them , because they deserve due consideration .
the vote will take place on wednesday 6 may 2009 .
situation in iran - b5-0079 / 99 by mrs berès , on behalf of the pse group , on the position of the prisoners in iran jailed for espionage ;
our european union is slowly taking shape - and this is important - without eroding the wealth of cultural diversity and traditions on our continent .
mr president , i would like to thank both mrs péry and commissioner diamantopoulou for being here today .
approval of the minutes of the previous sittings : see minutes
this report is also in favour of supporting smes which require a lot of support at this time .
( the sitting was closed at 8.00 p.m. )
3. iran : execution of juvenile offenders
the delegation from georgia is led by the speaker of georgia 's parliament , mrs burjanadze .
now let me only say that i also noted the important question ...
. thank you for your remarks , but i have nothing to add to what i said in my first answer .
( for results and other details of the vote : see minutes )
i note that latvia is making progress to meeting both the copenhagen criteria and meeting the obligations of the acquis communautaire .
employment policy guidelines for member states ( debate )
the next item is the report by sylvana rapti , on behalf of the committee on the internal market and consumer protection , on the universal service and ' 112 ' emergency number .
the commission can approve amendment no 62 but must reject all the other amendments relating to tobacco .
question no 16 by bernd posselt ( h-0648 / 97 )
i want to thank the president and the commissioner for their understanding .
i have received six motions for resolutions tabled in accordance with rule 110 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
i voted against the report because mr kazak studied in france with a grant from the turkish state , and so there is a clear conflict of interest .
in writing . - ( de ) the lisbon treaty will make a militaristic europe possible .
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
the conference of presidents has decided to propose the following calendar of part-sessions for 1999 :
the oral question to the council on getting a grip on energy prices , by hannes swoboda , on behalf of the pse group - b6-0460 / 2008 )
9. mid-term review of the european environment and health action plan 2004-2010 (
( fr ) mr president , in this debate , we are going to emphasise once again the importance of putting ...
madam president , i feel obliged to support mr cappato ' s requests on the assessment of the composition of the parliamentary group .
the next item is the statements by the council and the commission on euromed .
mr posselt , that is an announcement of an intervention of almost twenty minutes during the debate on the deprez report .
25. time to move up a gear - creating a europe of entrepreneurship and growth ( vote )
the proposal which is being made is to crystallise criteria so that member states will be authorised to pass on aid to herdsmen producing beef and veal .
we will vote tomorrow in favour of the amendments relating to funding and against any other amendment that may affect the content of this report .
forwarding of texts adopted during the sitting : see minutes
the human rights debate has been supplanted by concern for business interests. i also wish my negative vote to underline this scandalous situation !
all in all it has been a good debate and i should like to thank all those who have taken part .
explanations of vote - lehne report ( a5-0056 / 2001 )
rule 121 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure allows the council to be heard if it so wishes. do you wish to be heard ? you have the floor .
joint motion for a resolution on the fourth ministerial conference of the world trade organisation
- madam president , i recommended to my delegates from ireland to abstain in the votes on both the von wogau and vatanen reports , because ireland has retained its neutrality .
- before the vote on paragraph 5 :
· a minimum 65 % reduction in bio-degradable waste presently consigned for landfill sites .
it was time , before the introduction of the euro , to make such practices wrong , for they are not in the interests of the consumer .
this , like so much else from this committee , is sheer one-sided propaganda , and i will not tolerate or support it .
mr president , i will end by saying that , while we have been able to save for many years , solidarity now requires that we be generous .
i therefore wish , through parliament , to find out the extent to which the european union has been informed about this telephone tapping , in this instance of vodafone mobile telephones .
( the speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under rule 149 ( 8 ) )
we simply cannot tolerate any more a sloppy attitude to safety at sea by any member state .
so i would like to ask you to wait until the commission has finalised this impact assessment. we have committed ourselves to doing this by the summer break .
what is citizenship of the union ? put the question to the average citizen and he will shrug his shoulders. it means little to the citizen .
to cite my dear friend , mr newton dunn , perhaps the best way to answer this is : yes or no .
this is all , therefore , provided for , and our votes proceed perfectly correctly 99.9 % of the time .
i would like to thank the commissioner for his answer as well .
finally , i voted for amendment 107 , seeking to maintain compulsory distillation .
madam president , on behalf of my group i welcome this commission report and hope that it is accepted today with my proposed amendments .
draftsmen ( hughes procedure ) : mr hoppenstedt , committee on economic and monetary affairs and industrial policymr whitehead , committee on the environment , public health and consumer protection
i am grateful to the european parliament for having carefully studied our proposal. i look forward now to your discussion of the report .
mrs maij-weggen , that evidently meets with the approval of the house and we will do that .
secondly , we wish to see greater coordination when it comes to setting international agreements and international standards .
this is a sensible economic and social proposal , which the had made during the 2004 regional elections with regard to the subsidies paid by the regional councils .
the us demand for an end to subsidies to airbus , as a condition for holding negotiations , falls outside an acceptable framework for settling the dispute .
i am therefore delighted that the report has adopted positions which to a great extent include the proposals i submitted to the parliamentary committee .
i put the question to parliament. are there any objections to our putting this compromise amendment to the vote ? i thought that was the case .
finally , the european parliament must formally be associated with the european union delegation to these conferences and i look forward to a commitment on that from the commission .
the vote will take place on thursday , 25 november , at 12 : 00 .
what i have said confirms my willingness , and that of all the european commission services , to work with the temporary committee .
i join my fellow parliamentarians here collectively in sending our condolences to the friends and families of the victims of that crash .
speeches relating to points of order ( continued ) :
mr president , the council also accepts the amendments as agreed .
these developments prove that the global grass-roots movement needs to step up its fight against imperialist aggression and the militarisation of space .
we take good note of what you have said and we are grateful for the information , mr posselt .
( the sitting was suspended at 8.03 p.m. and resumed at 9 p.m. )
i should like to thank members for their positive responses and support. i am looking forward to working on further improvements in the future .
since our first vote on this matter , almost three years ago to the day , the french socialists have fought to safeguard the public-service character of port services .
let me add that i invite all those colleagues who have spoken in support of vilvorde to join us on sunday , 16 march at a demonstration on employment .
( parliament approved the commission proposal ( as amended ) )
do we really need to learn that lesson again in the eu ?
3. tariff quotas for imports into bulgaria and romania of raw cane sugar ( vote )
there is an early determination and provision of an equitable share of the aid for trade resources. these funds represent additional resources and not merely repackaging of edf funding ;
does the council believe that the legal rules in the treaties are only valid because we must abide by them ?
thank you once again for the cooperative manner in which parliament has handled this matter in spite of the difficulties that we have had .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
mr president , my apologies , i did not hear you. i think the last award was so moving that we are still a little in awe of what has happened .
i would like to say that we are going to talk about some of the cases of countries that have been mentioned in the various speeches .
the vote will take place on wednesday 16 june 2010 .
ladies and gentlemen , it gives me great pleasure to inform you that a delegation from the national assembly of the republic of korea is present in the official gallery .
we therefore need an information system to facilitate transactions , from the placing of orders through to payment .
debates on cases of breaches of human rights , democracy and the rule of law ( announcement of motions for resolutions tabled ) : see minutes
question no 58 by anne mcintosh ( h-0926 / 96 )
on behalf of the commission , i can state that the report presented today meets with our full approval .
( the sitting was closed at 12.10 a.m. )
- why does europe not take a specific initiative at the united nations for there to be international forces in the area of tension between israel and palestine ?
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
in the uk a general reduction in vat has led to a fall in inflation of 1 % and an injection into the economy of gbp 12 billion .
i wanted to ask if the european union 's international obligations contribute towards the insolvency and sudden failure of businessmen .
i have received six motions for resolutiontabled in accordance with rule 110 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
thank you , mr fabre-aubrespy. the commission also has to agree to these two motions of censure being taken in joint debate .
let me end with a simple message - visit britain !
in addition , the formulation of an integrated energy policy requires specific budgetary resources for this sector , not provided for by the barcelona conference .
joint motion for a resolution on the incidents on the border between the federal republic of yugoslavia ( fry ) , kosovo and the fyrom and the situation in the region
– the debate is closed .
finally , i too would say that employment cannot be generated by unbridled liberalisation , accelerated privatisation and a reduction of social and labour protection .
as for where the agency will be based , we believe this is a side issue ...
the next item is the vote
a european strategy on the roma ( debate )
europe cannot withdraw into a useless dispute between those in favour of and those against biotechnology. the conditions are there for doing more than that !
( lt ) madam president-in-office , i have a question in relation to next week 's visit of the delegation of the european parliament to kashmir by invitation of the indian government .
this time , more than ever , the secret of success will be in correctly implementing the budget .
question no 48 by anne mcintosh ( h-0185 / 98 )
so much so that , in the final analysis , the nation states themselves are revealed to be the only ones able to protect the people and their freedoms as required .
to end this debate , i have received 5 motions for resolutions , in accordance with rule 37 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure ( 2 ) .
i will ask the services to do what they can , mr gröner . ( 3 )
the vote will take place at 12 noon .
mr albertini , no , it is the oral amendment to amendment 7 after paragraph 45 .
i voted in favour of the joint motion for a resolution on the recent earthquake in haiti .
mr president , following this morning 's debate , we now get on to the political input , rather than just the input from the committees .
mr turco , i have understood what you had to say and i will give the matter some thought .
mr president , in my opinion mr seal has done an excellent job , as regards both the approach to the subject and his proposal that the common position be rejected .
the rapporteur also mentions , as an unresolved issue , the continued state presence , in certain cases , in the ownership of national airlines .
finally , i would also like to say that the new agreement is in line with the council 's conclusions of 30 october 1997 , for which reason we support it .
– mr president , i should like to start with a question for mrs grossetête , mr kuhne and mrs reding : who is politically responsible for the eurostat scandal ?
in writing . - i support the waiver of bruno gollnisch 's immunity so that he can stand trial for the offence of incitement to racial hatred .
( the sitting was opened at 09.05 )
it is an honour for us to welcome you today , as the first head of state of a gulf country to address the european parliament .
the vote will take place in a few minutes .
the vote will take place today , at 6.30 p.m.
i have three requests to add headings to the topical and urgent subjects of major importance and the item entitled ' human rights ' .
the next item is the joint debate on the following four reports , drawn up on behalf of the committee on regional policy , transport and tourism :
these were the most important points raised during the debate. in the limited time available , of course , i cannot answer all the questions raised .
this recommendation invites all member states to consider equipping their systems of higher education with mechanisms of evaluation and quality assurance .
mr president , may i firstly thank the rapporteur for his admirable report and say how encouraging and supportive we find it .
the votes were cast as follows :
thank you to all my fellow members , to the experts and advisers and to the secretariat of the committee on development for their help in drafting this report .
14. general arrangements for excise duty (
you have read my mind , mr lehne , because i was going to proceed exactly as you had anticipated .
these are some of the fundamental reasons why we are voting against this report .
bulgaria and romania should join the schengen area , since both countries are ready to do so and the objections of certain member states are unfounded .
the next item is the report ( a6-0125 / 2005 ) by mr őry , on behalf of the committee on employment and social affairs , on social inclusion in the new member states ( 2004 / 2210 ( ini ) ) .
resolution 1701 mandates unifil to assist the government of lebanon to secure its borders. we would encourage the lebanese government to take robust action in this field .
. i have voted against this report because it does not refer to all forms of terrorism. it ignores totally all of the different expressions of state terrorism .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
b5-0285 / 2001 by mr mcmillan-scott , on behalf of the ppe-de group ;
( the president declared the common position approved as amended )
mr president , i hope you will give me the time you just used up so that i can continue .
we shall now vote on the motion for a resolution presented .
( for the results and other details on the vote : see minutes . )
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
an examination of flexibility and security as two mutually reinforcing factors contributing to improved productivity and job quality ;
screening is part of what is required , and i therefore support this , but it does not solve all the problems .
since this is an area of extraordinary potential , the european union 's concern to establish a new dynamic in relations with asean is understandable .
( es ) mr president , on wednesday 23 april unesco is celebrating world book day. that is also the day on which miguel de cervantes died and william shakespeare was born .
vice-president ashton has called on the government of pakistan to take its responsibilities and provide adequate protection for those in official functions or in civil society who are threatened .
mr president , i too would like to express my congratulations , because i have two young children at home and i know what a joy it is .
since we are so far into lunchtime , i shall let you get away with cheap puns .
corrections to votes and voting intentions
the debate on this report is suspended. it will continue at 3 p.m.
thirdly , mr president , and surely this is the most important reason , because a charter of fundamental rights is going to increase the feeling of belonging to the european union .
in addition to the facts and figures expressed very well by my fellow members , i will make three points .
mr president , it is not a point of order , it is a reminder .
finally , a previous speaker said that this was an ' eu solution desperately looking for a problem ' ; i would say that it is an eu problem successfully finding a solution .
similarly , we cannot accept point 17 which proposes " allocating fishing rights amongst fishermen ' on an individual basis , and their " transferability ' .
the vote will take place at 12 noon on wednesday .
( the sitting was closed at 8.25 p.m. )
subject : 2.2 billion children in need
thank you , mr martin. in future , i shall ensure that the commission remains in attendance during explanations of votes. they may then hear some interesting information .
a5-0031 / 1999 by mr virrankoski , on behalf of the committee on budgets , on the draft general budget of the european union for the financial year 2000 ( c5-0300 / 1999 )
in writing . - the urban dimension of cohesion policy needs to be given a greater priority .
i agree with what you said in your introduction but let us see those principles applied in europe as well as in other countries of the world .
general product safety and market surveillance ( short presentation )
b5 ­ 0391 / 2001 by mr butel , on behalf of the edd group , on the floods in the somme ;
the question that the honourable member raises has never been put before the council .
i therefore look forward to the rest of the debate , following which i will have a few other things to say in my concluding statement .
mr president , i warmly welcome mr florenz 's report. i strongly support smoking bans in public places to protect public health and to avert the dangers of passive smoking .
the important thing is that food is safe and that consumers are not deceived. packaging must include accurate information about thrombin and the labelling must be clear .
8. modification of the act concerning the election of the members of the european parliament (
the commission envisages the evaluation and monitoring of the recommended actions. we fully support this proposal and would highlight amendment no 6 in this respect .
bearing in mind the severe winter conditions in kashmir , will the council press the indian government to make fresh efforts to secure the release of the hostages ?
we have heard that it is time to stop exporting weapons to these countries .
( the president noted that there was no opposition to considering the oral amendment )
however , unlike the pse group , i was keen to support a number of points :
we must , however , connect turkey with europe. i say ‘ no ’ to accession , but ‘ yes ’ to close and privileged cooperation , and to a strong partnership agreement .
that will certainly be done. the minutes will be corrected and completed so that this is the case .
contracts - water , energy , transport and
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
one in four people will experience some form of mental disorder at least once in their lives ;
we must prevent any inclusion whatsoever of undesirable substances in animal feedingstuffs .
mr president , it is time - it is now even urgent - that mr patten took over from mr blair .
the services of parliament do not subscribe to that view , mr schulz , but i would like to ask mrs roth for her opinion .
secondly , there is a serious problem with regard to the security of stored data and the protection of the owner 's identity .
i shall now conclude. this budget , taken as a whole , shows a lack of ambition which bodes ill for the difficult challenges the european union has to face .
i am voting in favour of the amendments proposed by the trakatellis report on the regulation on leaf tobacco .
– mrs boudjenah , mrs eriksson and mrs morgantini , on behalf of the confederal group of the european united left / nordic green left , on burma ( b5-0145 / 2004 ) ;
this is in sharp contrast to the tories , who always promoted the great car economy rather than greater control of emissions .
that surely makes the matter clear. the debate is closed. the vote will take place at 5.30 p.m. , which is in two minutes .
the eu , too , has increased its involvement in the middle east in recent years and months ; the quartet remaining its key actor .
what measures has the council presidency taken with a view to ensuring that , following the unnecessary delays , progress is finally made in the accession negotiations with croatia ?
last but not least , i hope that retail , which is a pillar of the european economy , would also be high on the political agenda .
a5-0068 / 2002 by mr färm for section iii
i agree with the rapporteur that parliament must oppose attempts to reduce the amounts earmarked for rural development .
if there are no objections we shall proceed in this way .
stockholm european council : financial markets ( b5-0244 / 2001 )
2. simplifying procedures for listing and publishing information in the veterinary and zootechnical fields (
thank you very much , commissioner .
we are far from striking a proper balance between social and economic interests. i would therefore warmly recommend the amendments tabled by my group .
with that i wish you all a happy christmas !
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
( el ) mr president , today we are supposed to be debating the results of lahti .
it is worthwhile noting the following :
national governments are the genuine representatives of their people. this therefore is the task they should set themselves at the igc .
ladies and gentlemen , in order to combat corruption , this house must rid itself of the far right wing , which is another form of social gangrene .
please , baroness ashton , fight for this long-term observation mission .
in relation to the existence of the state of israel : is beginning negotiations after the israeli election enough ?
we deplore the fact that the debates have been organized in such a way that the sturdy and funk reports were debated together and thereby linked by budgetary considerations .
request for the defence of parliamentary immunity : see minutes
moreover , it is an historic day because this parliament has placed itself on the side of its sovereign people , the people who voted us all into this house .
but the council 's intransigence , plus the objective legal restrictions of the lomé convention , made it necessary to move towards a compromise .
through the dissemination by companies of information on their remunerative practices that is clear , exhaustive and appropriate ,
( ga ) madam president , i listened to the debate and it was very interesting. i have read everything i could about this subject .
in conclusion , i hope we can now proceed with this proposal and that citizens will soon get the benefits of a safe single market in vehicles and their trailers .
improving vocational training is a key means of achieving the aims of the lisbon strategy , namely economic growth , competitiveness , employment and social cohesion .
report ( a5-0240 / 2003 ) by jan mulder , on behalf of the committee on budgets , on the 2004 budget in view of the conciliation procedure before the council 's first reading ( 2003 / 2027 ( bud ) )
( the speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under rule 149 ( 8 ) )
parliament 's resolution stresses that the negotiations should continue , but also lays down requirements for the future .
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
our second amendment proposes to strengthen the action of employment monitoring services in order to prevent flexible short-term contracts being abused .
i would remind the house that the entire morning will be given over to voting , with the following items being added :
subject : reform of french public-sector television
the vote will take place at 12 noon .
finally , i can only express the hope , should closer cooperation be achieved against all odds , that all 26 member states that had reached agreement , including mine , would conform .
biology and medicine ( bioethics convention ) ( continuation )
i am going to restrict myself to two comments on what this new stage in the development of the european policing area of freedom and justice may mean .
in amendment nos 16 and 17 , we appreciate parliament 's intention but these are internal administrative questions which cannot be appropriately addressed in legislation .
international financial crisis and political developments in russia
i can answer this question at the same time as that of mr pérez royo. i will do this in a personal capacity , of course .
mr president , the european commission shares parliament ’ s concern at the human rights situation in iran and the recent testimonies of torture .
one of the problems with the european fisheries fund ( eff ) was that it jeopardised community aid for modernising and renovating the fleets provided for in the previous financial instrument .
there was a request in the opening speeches for the questions that were asked to be answered in writing. that will naturally be done .
( the house accorded the speaker a standing ovation )
the situation is serious and is going to have negative consequences for the economy , social security systems and the very composition of society .
as a whole , however , this proposal is a good one and fundamentally helps all of those outlying european regions that face great difficulties competing with third-country products .
questions which have not been answered for lack of time will receive written answers ( see annex ) .
the objective of the directive is not to legislate to regulate the operating terms of the internal market and , as such , article 95 is not a suitable legal basis .
subject : equal treatment of men and women
vice-president of the commission . - this is very high on our agenda .
the mobilisation of the european peoples has been exemplary. now , our responsibility is firstly to respond to the emergency ( with drinking water , food etc ) and to prevent epidemics .
the commission communication on the annual policy strategy is the first step in drafting the new budget. parliament 's response will be its initial position .
. i welcome mr brok ' s report supporting with amendments the commission ' s proposals seeking to prepare cyprus and malta for eu membership .
that point was raised yesterday , mr hallam. we take note of your comment .
perhaps you could tell me what to do now we have come to the final vote ; i really have no idea what i am supposed to do .
fifthly , we must strike the right balance between the need for work forces in industry on the one hand and the unemployed within the european union on the other .
all of this , obviously , justified and still does justify broadly the fact that this directive should be amended and improved .
the european parliament also rendered its opinion on the green paper on patents , making it possible for the commission to publish a statement before the end of the year .
next week ' s general affairs council will once again examine the state of affairs. it is indeed important for a strong and united union to leave for doha .
– mr president , i should like to start by giving my sincere thanks for the commitment the commissioner has shown in connection with the realisation of schengen .
the next item is the commission 's statement on the application of the eu-israel association agreement .
why is the council delaying on such an important issue ?
i should like to say something about the principles on which the independence of our proceedings are based , madam president .
( fr ) i too would like to congratulate our new president of the sitting : welcome , mr president !
moreover , describing india as a ' model for religious pluralism ' is an insult to the christians massacred in orissa .
we are already engaged in such broader clearance activities in countries such as laos , kosovo and afghanistan , where the apl problem is inextricably connected to unexploded ordnance pollution .
lastly , as has already been mentioned , there needs to be supervision at a european level and the european central bank is in the best position to perform this function .
b5-0467 / 2001 by glynn ford , on behalf of the pse group , on detention without trial under the internal security act ( isa ) in malaysia .
you are quite right , mr fayot. you will know that several of us have raised the question of the acoustics here in the chamber .
prime minister , portugal has every reason to feel proud of its work , of the work of the portuguese presidency in concluding the treaty of lisbon .
our final vote at second reading will be decided on the basis of what amendments the council accepts or rejects .
we must always remember the objectives of regional development policy : economic , social and territorial cohesion , full employment and social progress .
thank you very much for your speech today as well .
( b5-0143 / 2002 ) by mr messner and mrs lambert , on behalf of the verts / ale group , on the ceasefire agreement in sri lanka ;
the economic partnership agreements between the eu and african countries do not work , and the african regional economic communities make the whole situation even more confused .
mr president , i am delighted the council agreed that the administrative burden arising from eu legislation should be reduced by 25 % by 2012 , as another speaker mentioned .
that concludes the debate on this item .
mr president , i just wanted to welcome sir james goldsmith to the chamber on one of his rare visits to parliament .
the next item is the commission statement on the situation in darfur .
( wyniki i inne szczegóły głosowania : zobacz protokół )
mr mcmahon , the secretary-general is taking the necessary steps to resolve the matter as quickly as possible .
i would like to read to you a message from mr cox , president of the european parliament , following the assassination of mr zoran dzindzic .
we firmly believe that this proposal may represent a vital step towards the completion of the internal market .
this is a crime against civilisation ! and it is being perpetrated under the mendacious cover of alleged over-production. but what is the truth ?
floods in china -b4-0826 / 98 by the ppe group-b4-0848 / 98 by the v group-b4-0854 / 98 by the gue / ngl group-b4-0859 / 98 by the eldr group
thank you very much , mrs siimes .
mr president , i congratulate the rapporteur mr mavrommatis for the hard work he has put into preparing this excellent report .
b5-0354 / 2003 by mrs pernille frahm , on behalf of the confederal group of the european united left / nordic green left , on the arrests of journalists in laos ;
i would like to inform members that the speroni report on the request for waiver of the immunity of mep tamás deutsch will be presented during voting time .
i consider that i have already answered the question , mr president .
furthermore , the proposed directive provides not only for the protection of consumers ' health but would also preserve the internal market. it would introduce harmonised rules throughout the community .
... ' they shall transport the bicycle of the passenger in all trains , including cross-border and high-speed trains , possibly on payment of a charge ' .
– i announce the result of the ballot to elect the president .
that concludes the vote. the explanations of vote will take place following the formal sitting .
moreover , research is underway into how to establish closer links between the high commissioner ' s office and the european monitoring centre for racism and xenophobia .
i am eager to congratulate mr lannoye , who has carried out excellent work which i support .
in accordance with your proposal , i will analyse the problem thoroughly and make a statement on this .
of the 32 amendments the commission can accept 20 amendments in full , in part , or in principle. a list of the amendments concerned has been handed over separately
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , first of all , i must thank mr tajani for his statement , which i endorse wholeheartedly .
does this whole episode not go to show the attempts to pretend that organic and conventional food can be protected from gm contamination to be utterly unconvincing ?
madam president , i just want to apologise for not being here when the commissioner was answering my question. i was stuck at another meeting. i am very sorry .
the next item is the joint debate on the following :
in order to meet those objectives the eu and the member states must adopt highly proactive policies .
just now , for the first time , charges of smuggling have been brought against multinational companies bringing tobacco into the european union and attempting to avoid paying the duty due .
the provision that companies ' websites should also contain the minimum particulars laid down in article 4 of directive 68 / 151 / eec is also important .
the debate has not taken place and the vote will be tomorrow. thank you for raising that point .
amendments nos 2 , 4 , 5 , 8 and 9 overlap with existing proposals. i feel obliged to reject them for the reasons cited above .
mr lund , does this compromise allow you to withdraw your request , or do you wish to maintain your request for postponement ?
naturally europe must look at the economic growth indicators that it needs to improve .
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
i voted in favour of this report because i believe it is essential to improve the tools for protecting the environment and the quality objectives for water in europe .
subject : linking kyoto mechanism credits to development cooperation
i am pleased to have been afforded the opportunity to speak , on behalf of the european commission , at the conclusion of the plenary debate on this report .
may i assure you that safety takes absolute priority in all our considerations and decision-making .
the next item is the continuation of the debate on the situation in afghanistan .
( fi ) madam president , the everyday life of the domestic worker is often uncertain , undervalued and unofficial. they are treated unequally , unfairly and poorly .
mr president , as the saying goes : better some of a pudding than none of a pie .
. mr president , on behalf of the verts / ale group i should like to request a roll-call vote on this one .
mr posselt has the floor on a point of order .
preparation of the informal summit of heads of state and government ( lisbon , 18 / 19 october 2007 )
what is the take-up rate for funds from the cohesion fund , the operational fund for the environment and the regional operational programmes for wastewater treatment plants in greece ?
finally , i would like to say , regarding the matter of copper , that it must be regarded as a health issue , and addressed as such .
( ro ) we welcome the good intentions of the commission ; however , we are in doubt as to their effectiveness .
zero tolerance of violence entails greater political involvement , constant endeavour and consistent action in all member states .
i therefore hope that , next time these assessments are made , it will be remembered that the opinions of european citizens have to be taken into consideration alongside the figures .
in writing . - ( sv ) explanation of vote in respect of the report on the implementation of the ' education & training 2010 work programme ' .
the subjects discussed during the interparliamentary meetings included the negotiation of this agreement as well .
i would like to inform you that the sisters of robert mccartney are in the gallery , together with mr niall o 'neill. we welcome them to our debate .
the next item is the joint debate on :
subject : disparity between the pound sterling and the republic of ireland punt
i have received five motions for resolutions to wind up the debate
member of the commission . - madam president , i would like to thank all the members for their interest and their sensitive approach .
6. approach of the european parliament to implementing articles 9 and 10 of protocol 1 of the lisbon treaty on parliamentary cooperation in the field of cfsp / csdp (
they seem to be pretty well protected by the understanding that we have because they are apparently piling into cuba .
in my opinion , no new money should be allocated to nuclear energy. instead , this money should be given to extend renewable energy sources and improve energy efficiency .
( the president cut the speaker off )
i should like to wish the tunisian delegation a fruitful meeting and a pleasant stay in strasbourg. welcome to the house .
the proposal also allows positive action to redress gender imbalance .
the next item is the statements by the council and the commission on the guidelines for agenda 2000 .
if the presidency and the commission help to create a better directive , then we can really be content .
the commission will analyse all practical issues emerging from the implementation of the directive and will report to parliament before the end of 2004 .
but there is always a ' but ' . sometimes more than one. in this debate there are also buts , and i should like to refer to them .
this report includes these and other proposals that i regard as fundamental to the development of tourism in the eu 's coastal areas. that is why i voted in favour .
25. the misleading directory companies report (
in order to be realistic , i further support postponing the date for the application of these conditions until three months after the directive itself comes into force .
the vote will take place tomorrow at noon .
these are the real priorities , which the men and women in our countries hope to see addressed before the european elections of 13 june .
it is very significant that the debate on this issue should have aroused so much interest , but unfortunately only five minutes were scheduled , and they have already passed .
the second group of amendments of particular importance are those promoting two modes of transport : by rail , and by sea and waterway .
a firm denunciation of the violations of human rights and of the crimes perpetrated by the israeli army , the state terrorism of israel !
given that rapex covers all dangerous consumer products , however , it is not necessarily the most appropriate tool for collecting information on losses caused by counterfeit products .
as the author is not present , question no 21 lapses .
- to set up a community programme for traditional , small-scale inshore fishing ;
madam president , i wish to greet the president-in-office and the commissioner. i should also like to congratulate mr görlach on his excellent report .
this matter concerns the extension of a common passport to eu countries that are still subject to short-stay waivers .
the situation would be different if we could use marker vaccines , which are currently being investigated and improved. we must be able to distinguish between vaccinated and infected animals .
it is time to break with the stability and growth pact , the competitiveness pact and other pacts of this kind. people and workers must be respected .
i agree with the honourable member that it is up to all of us , members of parliament and the commission , but the action we are proposing is also important .
( the sitting was suspended at 1.55 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
guilad shalit , aung san suu kyi , luis mendieta , alan jara , jorge trujillo , forero , ...
mr president , i was not only present , but am sure that i signed and i am not on the attendence list either .
as the honourable member states , there is currently no specific eu legislation dealing with the issue of origin labelling for the sheep meat sector .
nevertheless , i decided against retabling the amendments because i did not have the support of the committee on employment or the other groups in this house .
making aid for replacing engines for the purposes of energy efficiency more flexible .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
the next item is question time ( b6-0009 / 2009 ) which , exceptionally , will last until 8 p.m.
thank you , mr matsakis , for being so meticulous .
. mr mitchell ’ s question is , of course , very relevant to the present situation , and it is one that i am very happy to answer .
where the compromise amendments are concerned , i would like to concentrate on the most important issues. first , the data protection scheme and generic competition .
proposal for a council regulation amending regulation ( ec ) no 1493 / 1999 on the common organisation of the market in wine [ com ( 2001 ) 332 - c5-0311 / 2001 - 2001 / 0132 ( cns ) ]
( the sitting was closed at 11.50 a.m. )
the czech presidency has now passed the baton to the swedish presidency , but the challenges europe faces continue and go well beyond the scope of a single presidency .
( es ) mr president , piracy has now become one of the worldwide threats to maritime safety .
what initiatives does the commission intend to take in the area of copyright , pursuant to article 118 of the tfeu ?
the vote will take place tomorrow .
( the sitting was opened at 9 a.m. )
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
i look forward to early estonian membership .
on the financial reference amount , briefly , we accept the compromise proposals put forward under amendment no 11. comitology :
if nobody else wishes to speak , the sitting is suspended .
secondly , so far there has been no damage within the reserve , and the damage caused to the ecosystem is not yet irreparable .
i remind you that the rural development projects will not lead to a production increase in europe and , implicitly , to solving the current food crisis .
it is also my sad duty to inform you of the death on 8 october of our fellow member , jürgen zimmerling .
the vote will take place tomorrow at noon .
subject : unfair competition in international trade
this is an extremely important report for the implementation of social policy in the union. i have therefore voted in favour of it .
b5-0166 / 1999 by mr staes and mr sörensen , on behalf of the greens / efa group , on abuses against the roma people and serbs in the new kosovo ;
madam president , to make things easy , i shall read out the definitive english version of the commission declaration to avoid problems of translation .
b5-0730 / 2001 , tabled by mrs maes , mrs mckenna and mrs schroedter , on behalf of the verts / ale group , on controlling international arms transfers and arms brokering .
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on thursday 20 may 2010 .
use of information technology for customs purposes ( debate )
mr president , i strongly encourage you to take the appropriate steps to guarantee religious freedom on the soil of a european union member state .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11.00 a.m.
i recognise also that this impetus to civilisation came about because those seats of learning evolved separately and independently , with each developing its own particular flavour and identity .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i would also like to congratulate mr gutiérrez díaz and the committee on institutional affairs on this excellent report .
luxembourg , due to the specific nature of its position , has hardly any producers in the true sense but , in the main , has importers .
annual report of the ombudsman ( presentation )
i think that two important things need to be done :
. mr president , i should like to clarify three points in my report .
finally , i would like once again to express my sincere thanks to mr virrankoski. despite the very difficult area concerned , it was a great pleasure to work with him .
mr president , i also welcome this report and congratulate the rapporteur .
we shall now proceed to the vote .
this was brief , but i wanted to say it. i believe that our commissioner has now heard what we wanted to say .
the liberals have been saying that for a hundred years .
1. approval of the nomination of baroness catherine ashton as a member of the european commission ( vote )
apart from this , the report fully supports the commission proposal ; and therefore i feel that i need not take up any more of your valuable time .
however , the overall text represents huge progress - or rather may do so , if duly implemented .
protecting children and young people from sexual abuse is an important issue and , indeed , a problem of our times .
i can only offer a little 1940 's anglicised latin in sympathy which i believe follows the buddhist teachings , – don 't let the bastards grind you down .
( parliament decided to refer the matter back to committee )
i support labour market mobility , but the government in bucharest must create new jobs which will also benefit from these young people 's expertise .
mr booth , this is not a fiasco. there have been errors which are statistically normal in a vote of this length. what are ridiculous are interventions such as yours .
there is no speaker against , and i can further confirm that it would be possible to include this item in the order of business for thursday .
my congratulations to the rapporteur and i ask you to vote in favour of mrs grossetête 's report .
the vote will be taken at 5.30 p.m.
this , mr president , is what we urge you to do and what we hope will soon become a reality .
a ) sittings of 13 to 17 november 2000 relating to monday :
the vote will take place tomorrow , tuesday , 6 july , at 12 : 00 .
yes we have , mrs guy-quint. mr dunstan has just told me that the first part has lapsed and we have already voted on the second part .
subject : food crises in the eu and protection of european consumers
( de ) mr president , my apologies for not having been paying enough attention earlier on .
mrs green , no reference was made either to you or to your group , so that explanation was not called for .
on behalf of the ppe-de group . - madam president , i have participated in a number of meetings in the arctic region focusing very much on climate change .
mr president , i would also like to talk about the singapore issues , because there is massive hypocrisy at the heart of the commission and council position .
the next item is the vote on objections relating to the debate on topical and urgent subjects of major importance ( rule 47 ) .
russia , which has signed the espoo convention but is not a party to it , has nonetheless agreed to abide to its rules .
i congratulate mr rosati , because his report identifies the main problems with public finances and provides valuable guidelines for treating them and improving their future course .
– mr president , ladies and gentlemen , this morning pope john paul ii was admitted to hospital in rome .
i have other requests to speak , but i do not wish to re-open the debate .
question no 57 by david martin ( h-0138 / 97 )
it would be impossible to set the deadline as 8.30 p.m. tomorrow , but we could make it 12.00 noon tomorrow .
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see minutes
such changes will not only earn him and his government much respect abroad but , more importantly , they will greatly benefit the syrian people .
madam president , i want to bring before this house my concern at recent increasingly levels of terrorism in northern ireland .
the vote will take place at 6 p.m.
the vote will take place on thursday at 11.30 a.m.
i think i will stop here , madam president , because there were so many points that i cannot address every one of them .
since the time allotted to questions to the council has elapsed , question nos 15 to 40 will be replied to in writing .
we regret the fact that the un security council was not able to agree on the attitude to take to the disarmament of iraq .
the third instrument is the european union 's option of adopting restrictive measures , the most radical of which would obviously be the suspension of cooperation .
14. legislative and work programme of the commission for 2007 ( vote )
such a situation justifies exceptional measures , particularly in the case of strategic sectors such as car manufacturing , which represents 6 % of jobs .
that is why i voted against it !
the vote will take place this afternoon following the debates .
subject : repercussions of prime minister aznar 's disagreements with morocco
i would be grateful if you could give me some more information .
mr president , perhaps i might deal with a few of the issues that were addressed , particularly in relation to health matters .
in writing . - ( el ) the eu 's interest in halting the loss of biodiversity is superficial and hypocritical , because it does not take substantial measures or provide the necessary funding .
( parliament observed a minute ' s silence while remaining standing )
the minutes of yesterday 's sitting have been distributed .
the minutes of yesterday ' s sitting have been distributed .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
these are the questions of interest and on which we would have liked some clarification both from the commission and from the council .
( sk ) in this parliament , we like to use words like ' a common europe ' , ' european unity ' and ' europe for the citizens ' .
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
cooperation between the fundamental rights agency and the council of europe ( debate )
ninthly , it requires policies of remembrance so that the victims are not forgotten .
this could take some time. we have an enormous number of votes to get through. the political debate will continue .
this option would allow cohesion to be preserved within the union and would permit a fairer distribution of the financial effort required to maintain this level of cohesion .
one of the most significant contributions of the report is perhaps the finding that permanent employment is a requirement for combating accidents and work-related illnesses .
my question is : what alternative is put forward by those who want a ' no ' vote ? i would like them to explain it to me .
formal care cannot be addressed without taking into account the need for , and the capacity for , informal care , which we indeed reconcile in the green paper .
the outcome of the vote on the election of the european ombudsman is as follows :
we must also , of course , ensure that cohesion policy and structural funds have an adequate budget in the future .
the vote will take place today at 11 a.m.
i hope that the european union is luckier in portugal than the russian writer was in wiesbaden .
thank you for your comment , ms thors .
question no 12 by mr sjöstedt ( h-0141 / 97 )
for the rest , i am happy to support this report .
mr president , i would like to thank the rapporteur for her report and largely we can agree with most of the contents .
the commission rejects amendments 14 , 17 , 36 , 37 , 38 , 39 , 49 , .
( the president cut off the speaker )
( b5-0584 / 2001 ) by mr jové peres and others , on behalf of the gue / ngl group , on foot-and-mouth disease ;
to the commission and the council , on behalf of the committee on women ' s rights and equal opportunities , on the european union follow-up to the beijing action platform .
subject : european voluntary service for young people
listen to aminatou ! save her life !
( the president cut the speaker off )
( the sitting was suspended at 5.20 p.m. and resumed at 5.35 p.m. )
i have received two motions for resolutions tabled in accordance with rule 115 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure .
in my view , using european rules to impose greater freedom is not acceptable .
furthermore , section 7 provocatively calls on the palestinian authorities to police the palestinian people 's resistance. it accuses former prisoners , particularly little children , even , of violent or terrorist acts .
subject : fragmented digital markets and consequences for the educational system and investments in geographically isolated regions
the campaign must continue in ireland and europe to make sure that this happens before it is too late as the government is trying to ensure .
if you allow the nations to tear themselves apart following this result , there will be no european supervision of the financial markets .
' or through collective agreements in accordance with national traditions ' . this comes after ' generally binding arrangements ' , and before ' that enable full-time workers to make a decent living from their earnings . '
the secular nature of the state and its institutions
analyses of the impact on poverty and social exclusion must be carried out before new eu legislation is adopted or new eu instruments implemented .
agenda for next sitting : see minutes
following the directives on vibration and noise , today we are examining the directive on the minimum health and safety requirements regarding the exposure of workers to electromagnetic fields .
- b5-0022 / 2004 by niall andrews , josé ribeiro e castro and cristiana muscardini , on behalf of the uen group , on the situation in zimbabwe ;
there you have it ; i am not going to prolong these answers. i have taken many notes during the various speeches that have been made .
oral questions and written declarations ( submission ) : see minutes
commissioner , i wish you a lot of courage , strength and good speed in the finalisation of the things we have requested in article 11 ( a ) of this directive .
the next item is the vote .
we have been shocked by these new assassinations which , in fact , are just a sample of the assassinations of human rights activists in chechnya .
( nl ) why not make the council a second chamber , in which case how would we better distinguish between the legislative and executive powers of the council ?
consequently , mrs pack has turned her report into a political festival , a short-lived festival perhaps , but one that will live long in parliament ’ s memory .
these problems certainly exist within the eu member states as well. we should constantly be striving for better equality between women and men .
1. european year for active ageing ( 2012 ) (
the vote will take place tomorrow .
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
i think that the commission ' s strategy is suitable , but we need to strengthen it from the constitutional angle with the appropriate modification of the community treaties .
question no 41 by maj theorin ( h-0628 / 96 )
the next item is question time ( b5-0553 / 2000 ) . we shall examine the questions to the commission .
the council cannot answer mr sjöstedt ' s first question because no discussion has been held in the council concerning the assessment by the commission to which he refers .
forwarding of texts adopted during the sitting : see minutes
the amendment involves the following two sentences to be added to paragraph 2a. we worked with a french text which reads as follows :
– mr president , ladies and gentlemen , a minute is a very short time , so i shall confine myself to making a single point .
as planned , mr turco ' s report , which we debated this afternoon , will be put to the vote during voting time which begins in a few moments .
debates on cases of breaches of human rights , democracy and the rule of law ( debate )
we will come to ' catch the eye ' in a moment , but minister lenarčič has to leave , so i will ask him to take the floor once again briefly .
recent statements by this member bring disgrace on parliament and are clearly a total contradiction of all the texts upon which our community is founded .
the same applies to those members who behaved in an unseemly way towards our ushers , who were only carrying out their proper duties .
the initiative of the ' eastern partnership ' launched by poland and sweden may be spectacular. bravery is good , but brains are better .
it is important that the evaluation committee , members of which have visited both states in person , has stated that both romania and bulgaria meet the schengen requirements .
i will end here. the ambitions are fine , but we want facts and we expect to see them at the end of the french presidency .
i thank colleagues for their support and urge them to support this report tomorrow , and i wish everybody a happy christmas .
on the whole the report is - and here we quote the environment committee - more ' brown than green ' .
another point , now , at the end of the year ...
the idea that humans should be cloned would seem more akin to hitler 's thinking about the aryan race than any responsible application of scientific progress .
the challenge of measurement and of quantification will be at the heart of our proposal .
i recently visited kazakhstan and tajikistan with some fellow members of parliament , and we indeed saw for ourselves that these people believe we can provide them with real assistance .
3. european training foundation ( recast ) (
( nl ) to mr schröder , i should like to say that during this presidency , human rights will not , under any circumstances , be a footnote .
can you tell these madmen to keep quiet ?
18 . 24th annual report from the commission on monitoring the application of community law (
the european union budget must therefore , now more than ever , contribute to achieving social and regional cohesion , both in the new states and in the current 15 member states
true , there are still major differences between nations but it would be wrong to blame ongoing poverty on globalisation alone when it comes to the inequalities within our countries .
the vote will take place tomorrow .
as they deal with the same subject , question nos 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 , 11 , 12 and 13 will be taken together .
if i understand correctly , next year we shall have a single report on competition policy and state aid policy. i am delighted to hear it .
however , i have to repeat very strongly that it is not possible , via rural development policy , to compensate farmers for lost income .
president-in-office of the council . - ( pt ) mr president , mrs ludford , protecting children from sexual exploitation and combating trafficking in human beings are extremely important issues for the european union .
( de ) mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i would like to start by saying that we , too , in principle welcome the european commission 's proposal and this green paper .
i voted in favour of the estrela report on reducing health inequalities in the eu .
5. extension of scope of regulation on the professional cross-border transportation of euro cash by road between euro area member states (
( the oral amendment was not accepted )
secondly , only by sending observers will we be able to assess the true situation and find a way to act appropriately .
i am pleased , in relation to question no 3 , to acknowledge the important influence and responsibility of the council on this matter .
question no 62 by hans lindqvist ( h-0740 / 98 )
we regret the rejection by the majority of the european parliament of our proposals that , for example :
as a result of some television publicity we believe there is anti-american terrorist activity even in a gorge between russia and georgia .
mr president , commissioner barrot , ladies and gentlemen , i should like to congratulate the rapporteur on the proposals and advances that he has put forward in his report .
it is in this context that we must analyse this agreement , which is the widest-ranging negotiated by the european union to date .
the commission proposal addresses three major issues .
we wish them all the best in the process .
it is therefore necessary to set up an independent organisation with real and broad legal powers that can effectively intervene in cases of human rights violations .
- combat any speculation , if larger quantities of vaccines and medicinal products are required ;
the commission can partially accept amendments 40 , 67 and 73 .
madam president , i apologise on behalf of mr evans who is unavoidably absent this morning , although he hopes to be back by lunchtime when we vote on this matter .
i would like to say on behalf of my group that next year ’ s budget will not meet the targets we have prioritised for developing the union ’ s social dimension .
mr president , allow me to congratulate you , since this means that once again a blow has been struck to democracy .
( explanation of vote abbreviated in accordance with rule 163 ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure )
i would particularly like to thank mr bösch for his report and i look forward to continued fruitful cooperation across party lines in this highly important area .
that is something i want to make absolutely clear .
there may come a time when israelis and palestinians not only remember each other 's victims together , but join forces to build a lasting peace and future .
mr voggenhuber , whatever sympathy one might have with your remarks , you ought to be rather more cautious about using words like ' nationalism ' and ' lie ' .
i do indeed understand ; we all face the same problems about conflicting meetings .
author . - ( fr ) mr president , ladies and gentlemen , firstly , please accept the apologies of my colleague , mr hutchinson , who could not be with us today .
( the president cut the speaker off )
thank you very much , madam commissioner. the debate is closed .
there is therefore no reason whatsoever to include this case in such an important motion for a resolution , on an issue of such importance .
ladies and gentlemen , if there are no more interventions , i declare our debate closed .
the commission is examining the proposals to amend the lithuanian administrative and penal codes , as well as other lithuanian legislation , from the perspective of compliance with relevant eu law .
we disapprove of further budgetary expenditure within the eu and have chosen to vote against this report in its entirety .
mr ferber , we shall take note of this .
firstly , in my own town of tralee , the institute was awarded the european entrepreneurial region of the year award for their work in business and in entrepreneurial establishment .
a reservation is made in respect of the legal basis of this report. however , i am voting in favour of the report , since the content is reasonable .
mr president , commissioner , mr president-in-office of the council , ladies and gentlemen , respecting parliament ’ s desired political guidelines is an almost impossible task every year .
action taken on parliament 's positions and resolutions : see minutes
the sector ’ s viability and sustainability , with particular regard to guarantees of income for european producers ;
( the sitting was opened at 9.05 a.m. )
we shall maintain our stance in our talks with turkey , notably in the process of negotiations on turkey 's accession to the eu .
i have voted for the proposals which are moving in the same direction as the above .
what short-term measures is the commission proposing to take , along with its partners , to establish alternative sources of rare earth elements ?
the price of oil is currently hitting new records. i last heard on the news that it was close to 110 dollars a barrel .
i also believe that parliament should exercise stricter control over the european union 's budget through more regular and stringent checks to ensure that public money is being properly managed .
mr president , i will speak this afternoon along the same lines as most of the meps who have spoken. i will not have much to add .
to conclude , i would like to leave you with one thought .
there is nothing new about attempts to legislate on the legal protection of designs and models , the first proposal for community legislation dating back to 1993 .
in 2009 , around 35 000 people died on the roads of the eu which corresponds to the size of a small town .
madam president , this debate should be looking not just at the problems of the native peoples of argentina , but at the problems of the entire population .
i can assure you , mrs mcnally , that our minutes will reflect the true situation !
greater interdependence of the economies of the member states , and in particular within the euro zone , calls for closer and more effective coordination of these economic policies .
5. request for defence of mr valdemar tomaševski 's parliamentary immunity (
finally , we must also bear in mind that we should not be too concerned about the harmony of the process but about the effectiveness of the outcome .
this is an appropriate moment to point out that member states are not making sufficient efforts to ensure that disabled people enjoy the same rights as non-disabled people .
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
mr sterckx on a point of order. to which of the rules of procedure does your point relate ?
( the president declared the common position approved )
. ( fr ) behind the convoluted wording of this text , there is an outline of a raft of measures , all harmful to workers .
– mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , given the limited amount of time available to me , i would like to focus in particular on fires .
( es ) madam president , commissioner , it goes without saying that i congratulate the representatives of the commission and parliament on the work they did in bali .
during the conciliation phase , there were , in fact , three important points on the agenda , which i will outline below .
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on thursday , 17 september 2009 .
area of freedom , security and justice
. madam president , the answer to mr ferber ’ s question is in the negative ; there is no such automatic entitlement .
composition of committees : see minutes
mr korakas has asked to speak on a point of order .
with that in mind , in the context of this report i would like to dwell on a number of points .
perhaps , however , this model will once again prove appropriate. we should ask the convention chaired by mr giscard d 'estaing to give it serious thought .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
mr president , i am fascinated by people negotiating their speaking time across the floor of the house , a very interesting departure from our customary procedure .
you are right , mr hallam. one can only give an explanation of vote if one has actually taken part in the vote. but that is checked carefully every time .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
the space occupied by religion in a social and political whole must involve a very broad range of possibilities .
i should like to thank the rapporteur , mr savary , for his constructive cooperation. we shall be supporting this report tomorrow in plenary .
is there a member of the ppe-de who would like to speak on this subject ?
question no 39 by alexander de roo ( h-0211 / 03 ) :
the only merit of the cohesion fund is that it is allocated to member states and not to their regions , as is the case with the structural funds .
7. protection of the communities ' financial interests - fight against fraud - annual report 2007 (
madam president , i just wish to emphasise on behalf of the liberal group the desirability of debating and voting this report this week .
it seems that mr pasty has taken up conjuring !
let us put our own house in order .
before the vote on paragraph 4 :
on paper , building a citizens ' europe is easy. in practice , it is not. unfortunately , there are still a lot of highly complicated situations within our borders .
i have received six motions for resolutionstabled in accordance with rule 110 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
forwarding of texts adopted during the sitting : see minutes
in writing . ( sv ) the european parliament 's committee on agriculture and rural development has again prepared a report opposed to reform of the common agricultural policy .
( parliament adopted the draft legislative resolution )
parliament will stand up for biodiversity. congratulations to the rapporteur .
mr poettering , as you are aware , explanations of vote are made after the vote. we cannot start a debate now , even if the matter is an extremely sensitive issue .
firstly the 1999 budget was defined at the time as a " bridge " towards the new financial requirements , that is towards the financing of agenda 2000 .
subject : coordination of national social security systems
. we have maintained that acp sugar reform compensation should be at the level of eur 80 million not eur 40 million .
i think that the european union needs to facilitate best practice across europe , and that this will produce the legislative proposals which can improve this situation .
( nl ) ... ' wat wij zelf doen , doen we beter ' , meaning what we do ourselves , we do better .
– oral question ( b6-0020 / 2005 ) by mrs buitenweg ;
finally , an annual report will be drafted , and the commission will need to compile an evaluation report with proposals for improvement before 2004 .
12. compliance with flag state requirements (
freight transport logistics in europe and sustainable mobility ( debate )
i call on you , commissioner , to give real support to this initiative to promote these services .
faced with this european deficiency , some member states have taken decisions , either to ban cultivation or to ban importation .
this is not my understanding of what the anti-drugs strategy ought to be. i therefore voted against .
are there any objections to this ?
mr president , in the principle of the matter there is no disagreement between parliament and the commission .
( the sitting was closed at 6.20 p.m. )
1. cohesion is a treaty objective which it is vital to implement
6. nomination of a member of the court of auditors - mr milan martin cvikl ( sl ) (
thus , i cannot support the report .
. madam president , i stand by my earlier statement regarding the legal basis. consequently , i shall focus on the various views expressed and on the amendments to mr seppänen ’ s report .
( the president cut the speaker off )
six motions for resolutions have been tabled to wind up the debate. the debate is closed .
this type of debate inevitably leads to a scaling down of political relations between the latter member states and russia , and to the deterioration of such relations .
composition of committees and delegations : see minutes
turning to the specific issues in point 5 , let me give a first response .
i call for constant monitoring of the chinese authorities ’ commitment to combating piracy the counterfeiting of trademarks and products , and child exploitation , and to ensuring respect for workers ’ rights .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
the vote will be taken this evening at 5.30 p.m.
i make a call to all the men in this parliament. please join your voices to the voices of the women .
industrial policy for the globalised era ( debate )
27 . 2007 discharge : european food safety authority (
mr president , mr president-in-office of the council , commissioners , i will spare you the high-flown sentiments and i also hope to spare you any naivety .
mr president , first of all , i would like to congratulate the rapporteurs on their work , which i fully support .
2. european globalisation adjustment fund : es / region of valencia (
participation in the eu emission allowance trading scheme will allow airlines to gain the experience that will be required for future restrictions on carbon dioxide emissions at global level .
- before the vote on the draft resolution :
an official statement was made on 10 july , in which the finnish presidency expressed the european union ’ s concern that the iranian academic ramin jahanbeglu is still in detention .
that concludes the explanations of vote .
mr president , first i want to say that this is a topic that is very difficult to get a definitive answer on what is right and what is wrong .
neither the public nor the member states stand to gain from this move. on the contrary , it means more red tape , increased costs and risks to patients .
. in recent years , significant progress has been made on combating tobacco consumption .
the commission officially operates national contact points under those guidelines , and i hope this commitment will also be reviewed .
. ( de ) i voted to approve the accession treaties only under protest and out of solidarity with my future colleagues .
it would be a good thing if we were to act on this , since romania has , after all , applied to become a member state .
the financial crisis has paralysed credit ; it has affected businesses and families ; and demand has plummeted , with disastrous consequences for economic growth and employment .
i believe we have begun an interesting process. let us hope that it is extended to other forms of transport and that we go further in this direction .
that is not possible. supplementary questions must be just that ; supplementary questions .
we shall now proceed to the vote .
3. classification , labelling and packaging of substances and mixtures ( amendment of regulation ( ec ) no 648 / 2004 ) (
this is a good report. it is obviously the product of hard work by the rapporteur and i congratulate her on her efforts .
1. protocol to the ec-russia partnership and cooperation agreement following the accession of the bulgaria and romania ( vote )
in the commission 's opinion , this should not happen. firstly , sepa should foster competition and increase operational efficiency through economies of scale - both producing downward price pressure .
thank you very much. may i also thank you on behalf of all fathers for that speech .
approval of minutes of previous sitting : see minutes
this aspect is vital , since europe must be at the forefront in terms of treating all countries equally when it comes to dialogue on human rights .
i am delighted to be supporting it and have campaigned for this directive for three reasons .
ladies and gentlemen , a very , very merry christmas and happy new year to one and all .
6. in order to oblige parliament to establish a special structure to search for plotters and hackers and hold them to account .
written declarations included in the register ( rule 123 ) : see minutes
as good as they may be , our efforts today will , unfortunately , be largely without effect if we do not face up to these challenges .
however , this report is about raising justice and home affairs up to community level. i cannot support this .
the next item is the election of quaestors , which could not take place before the midday break .
crises can lead to great leaps forward , but only if the necessary courage is there. i believe you have both vision and courage. be courageous !
' guarantee that representatives of public administration employees and employees in the public and financial sector enjoy the same rights to information and consultation as are granted to other employees ' .
this is absurd and truly difficult to justify democratically. we cannot make these mistakes with people 's money .
services of general interest in europe
i believe we should react immediately and really find coordinated community mechanisms to respond to this type of crisis .
thank you , commissioner , for your full and documented answer .
were all those slogans about solidarity , doing away with differences , accelerated development and the common market so much hot air ?
. mr president , i agree that it has been chaotic , both thanks to us and perhaps some other people here in the chamber .
10 . 2007 discharge : european centre for disease prevention and control (
social security systems and pensions ( short presentation )
the undersigned have voted against the report for the following reasons :
( the sitting was closed at 10.45 p.m. )
questions nos 40 to 42 will receive written answers .
the capture of the detainees and the circumstances of their subsequent detention run counter to the geneva convention and to other international humanitarian instruments .
b5-0801 / 2001 by van orden , deva , parish , foster , banotti , corrie , gahler , korhola , lehne , maij-weggen , sacrédeus and belder , on behalf of the ppe-de group
the vote will take place today at 12 noon .
recommendation to the european commission in complaint 185 / 2005 / elb ( short presentation )
( the sitting was closed at 7.45 p.m. )
commissioner , these are some of the expectations citizens have of the next g20 , where europe must speak with one voice , with determination and conviction .
in conclusion , the portuguese government acted within the law. the court found in its favour and this matter has nothing to do with the european union .
it is clear that the political importance of community involvement in this debt initiative is very much greater than its contribution in terms of absolute figures .
the vote will take place at the end of the debate .
we thank mr patten for having replied on behalf of the commission .
secondly , by the implementation details that are enforced by cetatox , in accordance with article 7 of the 3760 / 92 regulation .
for these reasons there is no justification for the existence of the european parliament 's committee on culture and education .
the vote will take place tomorrow ( thursday , 20 may 2010 ) .
we look forward to hearing from the commission how it will demonstrate that its response here is not only precautionary - which it clearly is - but also proportionate .
i have received a motion for a resolution
although research topics have not yet been identified , research into deafness and hearing impairment in children could mature along these lines .
it is important that the directive helps reduce the administrative burden for service providers who are active in other member states .
i put to the vote mr giansily 's request for the political group spokesmen to be given the floor before question time .
mr president , i should like to raise a point of order .
we take note of that and it will be checked .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 9 a.m.
no votes will be taken on tuesday .
is the council satisfied that article 1 of the interim trade agreement with israel is being both properly monitored and implemented ?
( the president cut the speaker off )
the sitting was closed at 0.10 a.m.
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
i give the floor to mr cox for three minutes .
there are those who let it be clearly known that they do not want anything to do with turkey and who have even been gleefully making funeral preparations .
harmonization of the rules for the transfusion process , particularly as regards the selection of donors and screening tests , is absolutely indispensable and urgent throughout europe .
i feel i should mention the web of strong working relationships we have built up between the commission , the ombudsman and the committee on petitions .
in writing . - i voted against this simply because i do not want the eu telling me who i can and who i cannot employ or engage .
in the case of libya , the united nations general assembly acted in line with the european parliament resolution and took a correct and timely decision .
deterioration of the situation in georgia ( motions for resolutions tabled ) : see minutes
hence my recommendation last night not to endorse the report as it stands .
this group is focusing in particular on the diseases of malaria , hiv and tuberculosis. i expect that more information will be made available on that issue as time passes .
the final resolution approved is clearly better than the report , and we voted for it for that reason alone , but it retains certain aspects that we disagree with .
the result of the conciliation procedure must be seen as a victory for parliament .
written declarations included in the register ( rule 116 ) : see minutes
mr president , this is obviously an initial reaction , and clearly we are going to have to come back to this in more detail .
i too would like to congratulate mr fruteau , and we now go on to the next item .
the reality of all this might well prove to be financially painful .
however , there is not yet reliable information on the impact of corrective actions , and the court concluded that corrective actions cannot yet be considered effective in mitigating errors .
member of the commission . - allow me to address each of the four component questions in turn .
furthermore , the social repercussions of this fleet lying in dock are extremely serious and are , in some cases , related to drug cultivation and trafficking by the kingdom of morocco .
mr simpson , i should like to congratulate you on your second european act this morning .
we shall make proposals about this in the structural fund orders , and i am certain that we can discuss the individual criteria then .
5. request for waiver of the immunity of bogdan golik ( vote )
since it focuses on the patient 's right to information , i fully support the report , which includes some important innovations .
the increase in the populations in these countries is a considerable nuisance , causing the destruction of harvests , damage to local habitats and substantial losses of revenue for local farmers .
for the mutual benefit of both the eu and ukraine , i would ask you all now please to support this report. thank you very much .
the voting list is established in accordance with the rules of procedure , but if the house has no objections , we will do as the rapporteur wishes .
on the basis of the agreements adopted at the seville summit , what measures does the commission propose to restrict the massive influx of illegal immigrants into the canary islands .
( the president cut off the speaker )
i await these developments with interest , but cannot give the directive my support as it stands and have therefore abstained in the final vote approving the text .
belgrade and priština held further rounds of talks on the proposals in february and march , first at expert level and then , on 10 march , at the highest political level .
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
the question is how it will be used and who will be using it , hence our abstention .
we also find the proposal for a special label for european agricultural products strange. what is the motive behind this ? an attempt to encourage protectionism ?
. i should like to thank you for wishing us success .
this issue has been dragged from presidency to presidency , and the council has regrettably shown little inclination to take a decision .
mr president , i invite the house to support this report .
i would like to conclude by expressing my confidence that the compromise amendments which have been reached following negotiations will provide a happy medium benefiting everyone. thank you .
reinforcement of the european territorial cooperation objective ;
permit me , however , to emphasize three factors .
in an attempt to launch negotiations towards such an agreement , the commission has circulated the draft declaration , which recognises that the european parliament has an important part to play .
( for results and other details of the vote : see minutes )
you are insulting the future finally ; by the way you are ignoring or treating indifferently the high stakes which await us in the areas of administrative reform and retirement .
mr president , thank you very much for offering me the opportunity to give my explanation of vote on this particularly important issue .
i suggest we begin with the commission. we shall now hear mr bolkestein .
this has to start with completing the transatlantic free trade area , which the european parliament has advocated for several years , overcoming internal divisions in europe and opposing protectionism .
the vote will take place tomorrow , wednesday , at 11.30 a.m.
subject : contract staff in posts meeting established and permanent needs in the eu institutions and services
i agree with certain points in the report , but i am decidedly against several other points , and therefore i cannot fully support the tabled text , hence my abstention .
( the president cut the speaker off )
by pierre moscovici , on behalf of the committee on foreign affairs , on the accession of romania to the european union .
it is therefore essential to give a fresh boost to interoperability .
mr varela would like to speak on a point of order. which rule of the rules of procedure are you invoking for a point of order , mr varela ?
continuing the procedure to review the cohesion of our development policy , which is needed to support developing countries in their efforts to achieve the millennium development goals .
in writing . - ( fr ) the european union is south africa 's largest trading partner and the biggest provider of development aid to that country .
decisions concerning certain documents : see minutes
action taken on parliament 's resolutions : see minutes
. the resolution adopted today by the majority of the members of this house is not about the 60th anniversary of the victory over nazi fascism .
we have come to the end of questions to mrs schreyer. we thank you for your cooperation .
it is now time for the european council to honour its commitment to turkey and announce the opening of accession negotiations. a clear date should be indicated .
parliament represents 500 million europeans from a union that has 27 member states , and as on orwell 's farm , there are none more equal than others .
that was inventive as ever , in terms of making the subject fit the item on the agenda .
i therefore support the commission ’ s ban on using these drift-nets in the darwin mounds .
the next item is the joint debate on :
mr president , like ms doyle earlier on , i thought i had a longer time , but taking advantage of your generosity , i will settle for a minute and a half .
. – i totally agree .
we have chosen to vote against the report on reforming the european central bank and the european system of central banks. we have also voted against the ecb 's proposal .
we support the increased cooperation mechanism in this case as it will ensure greater legal certainty and stability , avoid ' forum shopping ' and take european integration forward .
agenda for next sitting : see minutes
commissioner , how far would the european union be prepared to go , within the bounds of friendship , to avert the pernicious effects of this law ?
we shall continue with the votes .
so far it is only talks that have resumed , and it is good that today 's debate has caused the commission to take proper note of what we think .
secondly , we have continued to exclude burma from the benefits of the system of generalized preferences , and are still doing so. as parliament knows , that was a commission initiative .
mr president , i would like to thank the rapporteur for her work on this .
the commission must have thought that christmas had come early when the rapporteur presented his report. it probably heard the reindeers ' bells jingling and could not believe its luck .
as they deal with the same subject , the following questions will be taken together : question no 7 by andrew nicholas duff ( h-0734 / 02 ) :
stresses the need for consistency in the policy for regional cooperation in its three dimensions , namely cross-border ( land or sea ) , trans-national and inter-regional ;
the vote will be taken tomorrow at 11.30 a.m.
congratulations , rapporteur ; my only regret is that you do not belong to my political group .
in order to guarantee the prevention of animal diseases , care must be taken to ensure that research , science and innovation receive support and that new findings are disseminated .
secondly , we wanted control over operational expenses incurred by financial instruments to be exercised more unambiguously by the commissioner for development .
thank you very much , mr marín gonzález .
i welcome this consultation process but i will pay more heed to the concrete proposals that will follow .
nothing substantial has been done about the patents legislation and our entire innovation environment is lacking dynamism .
thank you , mr lannoye. i have received your letter and have already contacted the british permanent representative .
the vote will take place tomorrow , thursday 2 april 2009 .
rapporteur . - ( nl ) madam president , i , too , would also like to thank everybody who has participated in the debate and everybody who has supported us with such clear arguments .
i am sorry to have to disappoint further questioners , but in view of the time i am afraid we are going to have to leave it there .
– ( ) mr president , ladies and gentlemen , we would like to add the item ‘ hydrogen and fuel cells ’ to the activities of ‘ renewable energies ’ and ‘ energy efficiency ’ .
( the president declared the common position approved )
the vote will take place tomorrow , thursday , 11 november 2010 , at 12 : 00 .
in that it has a great deal to do with the eu 's priorities : energy and the fight against climate change ;
it is also unacceptable that in smaller markets , such as the luxembourg market , breweries exceeding a market share of , say , 40 % would be ineligible for such exemptions .
it is therefore very important , commissioner , that we take concrete measures to improve the capacity of the countries which so far have participated less in the framework programme .
we must encourage efforts at european level aimed at simplifying the procedures for accessing the funds earmarked for romania in order to accelerate their allocation and rapid absorption .
( the president cut off the speaker )
6. draft amending budget no 6 / 2008 - executive agencies (
in fact , where member states used to decide how to organise their access agreements with companies themselves , now only the market will decide .
i would also like to remind the ukraine government that under their constitution , normally a constitutional change requires a confirmatory referendum by the people .
i want to confirm what i said this morning : the document will be made public as per the interinstitutional agreement .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i would like to start by thanking mr färm and mr stenmarck for their perceptive work .
we quite understand why you have to leave us , mr solana , and we wish you good luck. thank you for the very important statement you have just made .
i have the same concerns over emigration and internal and external security policy .
strengthening the community legislation providing for the inspection and classification of ships operating in community waters and a ban on dangerous ships .
thank you , mrs lindholm , you have an answer to your question and , as you see , we have done what was necessary .
we shall now resume the debate on the council and commission statements on eu aid for tsunami victims in asia .
the report on a european economic recovery plan , adopted today , supports measures proposed by the european commission which are intended to stimulate the european economy .
i agree with the rapporteur that financial compensation needs to be paid to fishermen during the closed season and i also welcome the proposed plan to reactivate traps .
( pt ) i would like to propose a new paragraph before paragraph 1 that states as follows :
since the time allotted to questions to the council has elapsed , questions nos 15 to 26 will be replied to in writing .
the next item is the vote .
that is the next item on the agenda .
president. before we move on i would like to congratulate mr poettering who i understand has just been re-elected leader of his group .
29. defence of the parliamentary immunity of mr luigi de magistris (
unfortunately , the commission 's proposal has far too many shortcomings. the work by the european parliament 's rapporteur and the committee responsible is , therefore , worthy of merit and i support it .
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolution :
promoting the use of the structural funds for financing private investment by means of what are referred to as private-public partnerships ;
( the house rose and observed a minute 's silence )
the commission urges both parties to consult all segments of angolan civil society , including the churches , with a view to national reconciliation and lasting peace .
industry in the eu is challenged by excessive regulation and bureaucracy. small and medium-sized enterprises suffer the most because of the unbearable burden of administration .
the next item is the one-minute speeches on matters of political importance .
firstly , we must not forget that the issue we are dealing with here is the competence of the member states : organising their own social security systems .
the bbc is happy to make this clear and has apologised to mr kirkhope for the errors . "
the next item is the vote .
madam president , mr tajani , ladies and gentlemen , thank you very much for your many inspiring contributions .
i have , at the present moment , nothing further to add , and ask your house to continue with the relevant procedures .
member of the commission . - i am taking this debate on behalf of my colleague , mr almunia .
the agenda i have put before you is based on these three fundamental values .
in the long term , technological initiatives ( electronic safety ) and the increasing integration of electronic devices in ‘ intelligent vehicles ’ will help to meet these objectives .
the vote will take place on thursday .
finally , the laws concerning energy consumption , transport , the environment , digital technology and so on need to be included in the review of the acquis .
remoteness from communication and transport networks is a practical problem which must be tackled .
agenda of the next sitting : see minutes
eighthly , support for the european commission in research and development in the small ruminant industry , concentrating on both technical innovation for farms and product innovation .
mr president , i too am opposed to discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation , but we should exercise caution in granting ever more rights to homosexuals .
i would like to go back over four important points achieved in this directive .
the second matter is also one that we frequently discuss in these debates on urgent issues. it relates to freedom of expression , fundamentally on the internet .
our group has opposed any form of cofinancing of the cap by the member states. and it is true that this issue raises fundamental problems .
this statement by the council has been noted .
member of the commission. mr president , i would just like to add a few words to those of the president-in-office of the council .
thank you very much , mr cohn-bendit. european energy consumption will have risen a little during the course of your speech .
in writing . - ( ro ) the lisbon strategy requires that 3 % of the member states ' gdp should be invested in research , two thirds originating from the private sector .
the vote will take place tomorrow at noon .
absolutely not. that would have been the case had their resolution been adopted , but it was not .
let those who are interested only in the movement of capital and goods and not life and human rights vote for this report. we voted against it .
the next item is one-minute speeches on matters of political importance .
let me take this opportunity to congratulate mr santer on his appointment by luxembourg to the convention .
the way forward for serbia and for her neighbours is as democratic , independent nation states , resolving their problems peacefully - not to join the european union .
another significant and additional benefit is that we will have real experts in herbal medicine on this committee , which is clearly essential .
interpretation of the rules of procedure : see minutes
situation in the central african republic
mr president , i understand the council is not present. is that correct ?
as with fp7 reports , reports relating to the competitiveness and innovation programme are publicly available on the europa website .
there is no mention of state terrorism .
subject : schengen evaluations and the possible suspension mechanism
we must also support the efforts of the african union to monitor and , if necessary , enforce peace to protect civilians .
the operation , action and organisation of parties must be matters of their own choice and must not be contingent upon political sovereign correlations .
the vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.
a. the classification and labelling of preparations that pose a threat to the environment , with specification of the wording ' hazard to the environment ' ;
i look forward to very close cooperation with the european parliament on all these matters .
transport is crucial to economic sustainability and internal balance in any community , be it the european union as a whole or a small country like my own .
all the necessary conditions for its authorisation are therefore fulfilled. the authorisation of genetically-modified organisms , foods and feedstuffs is essentially based on safety criteria .
the current economic crisis has , and will have in the near future too , repercussions on the employment market .
8. moratorium on the death penalty ( vote )
to the draft general budget of the european union for the financial year 2004
( the signature then took place of the general budget for 1999 )
mrs ghilardotti , i believe that what you have said somewhat pre-empts the debate that will take place in a few moments , following the points of order .
mr president , may i first of all welcome mr president-in-office of the council and wish him good luck for the next six months .
i would now like to comment in more detail on the three main subjects which , as you know , were discussed at the spring european council .
well i am afraid i am stuck for an answer. but whatever it is , we must make sure that we do not discard it out of ignorance .
in conclusion , i would stress that the commission shares your view on the joint parliamentary assembly ’ s role as a model of cooperation .
i welcome the report by mrs badia i cutchet on artistic studies in the european union .
3. european union 's disaster response capacity ( vote )
. my opinion of this report is based on the following main factors :
the next item is the report by fiona hall , on behalf of the committee on industry , research and energy , on the action plan for energy efficiency : realising the potential .
( parliament approved the request for referral back to committee )
the vote will take place this evening .
question 55 will be answered in writing .
7 . 2009 discharge : european centre for the development of vocational training (
thank you , commissioner. mr elles has a brief comment .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 : 00 .
member of the commission . - mr president , i would not put up a picture of you , so i will have to be brief .
this is patently not the case , since such a quota would not be realistic. indeed the report does not mention the time limit for this quota to be achieved .
i thank the president of the commission , mr prodi , and , in accordance with what we agreed , each group chairman may make a speech lasting three minutes .
the next item is the statement by the commission on comitology .
( fr ) mr president , i shall be extremely brief .
the next item is the commission statement on the effects of the summer heatwave .
question no 42 by christine oddy ( h-0211 / 99 )
i am particularly pleased that the report now includes the integration of carbon emission reduction targets and support for renewable solar and wind energies on board vessels .
we also feel that the restriction of long-term public aid commitments to businesses should be strengthened , especially in terms of jobs , as we proposed .
( the sitting was suspended for a few moments )
i welcome the multiannual action programme for community customs. i believe that it will help strengthen the operational efficiency of our customs service at the union 's external frontier .
. ( fr ) with mr piétrasanta 's report the european parliament must express an opinion on the state of relations between europe and its mediterranean partners .
the next item is the debate on topical and urgent subjects of major importance .
we endorse the motion 's recognition of the freeing of the peoples of central and eastern europe from the yoke of communism and their fight for liberty .
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
lastly , the report tells us that ' portugal , which is due to host the eu-africa summit during its presidency , achieved only 0.21 % oda / gni in 2006 ' , which is terrible .
the vote will take place immediately .
vague promises to be flexible in the implementation of the agreements are no substitute for concrete commitments .
lastly , we believe it is necessary to foster research in those areas where knowledge remains incomplete. only in this way can future policy decisions be made and justified .
since that is not a point of order , i shall not allow the honourable member to speak further .
i have received six motions for resolutions , tabled in accordance with rule 103 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
since the time allowed for question time to the commission has now come to an end , questions nos 61 to 119 will receive written answers .
banks must stop being the oppressor of small and medium-sized enterprises and must undertake the useful role as their advisor and supporter .
what has happened ? the opposite : unprecedented dynamism in european airports .
( hu ) we have reached an extremely important stage of a long process. we would like to thank everyone who took part in this process , and in particular the rapporteur .
composition of committees and delegations : see minutes
situation in albania after the elections ( continuation )
vice-president of the commission . - mr president , i would like to thank the honourable members very much for their questions .
in this call , i am supported by the committee of the regions , the economic and social forum , the portuguese presidency conclusions and very many voluntary groups across the eu .
however , the die has been cast in belarus , undoubtedly with the help of mr lukashenko himself .
that was the last item on the agenda .
how does the commission assess the state of air pollution in german cities , for instance in munich , and what measures does it propose ?
i believe that the european parliament has the opportunity in this case to , perhaps , demonstrate its ability to come to the defence of its own dignity .
do we have a speaker against this request ?
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11.30 a.m.
apart from that , the resolution includes several positive aspects , such as :
energy efficiency is vital if the eu is to reduce its energy bill. it is a valuable tool for reducing our dependence on oil .
. – mr president , i speak on behalf of mr solbes , who has asked me to convey his apologies .
i have received six motions for resolutions , pursuant to rule 37 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on thursday , 6 may 2010 .
the vote will take place on wednesday at 12 noon .
we now continue with the one-minute speeches on matters of political importance .
. i welcome this report on the situation in afghanistan .
thank you , mrs morgantini. we shall , of course , look into the matter thoroughly .
3. cooperation between member states should be strengthened significantly ;
modern reactors are being designed now to withstand risks that were unimaginable 20 or 50 years ago. i am glad to see you agree with me , mrs harms .
the next item is the joint debate on :
the eu will intensify bilateral contacts with major partners and will take full advantage of the forthcoming summits as well as all the important international meetings .
the eu will continue its efforts to abolish the death penalty in the region .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 10 a.m.
committee meetings already scheduled for 22 and 23 march will be postponed until 24 and 25 march. further details will be provided by the committees involved .
measures also need to be effective and proportionate to the gain of security. i doubt , for example , that the new restrictions on liquids on aeroplanes meet these criteria .
the vote will take place on thursday , 20 november 2008 .
adoption by estonia of the euro on 1 january 2011 ( debate )
thank you very much , mrs mcguinness. i will grant you later the time that you have not used now .
president-in-office of the council . - mr president , ms grossetête , distinguished members , let me continue in my mother tongue , hungarian .
( es ) mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen i should like to thank you for your answer .
we chose to vote in favour of compromise amendments nos 22 to 33 in the report concerning monitoring of forests and environmental interactions in the community ( forest focus ) .
outcome of world summit on sustainable development
i should again like to congratulate mrs thyssen on her excellent work .
here we have totally undermined the very foundations of reach .
my group has unanimously voted for the proposal for a council decision on the amendments to the bonn convention on the conservation of migratory species of wild animals .
thirdly , the council has supplemented the amendments , which improve reporting between the different players .
b5-0629 / 2000 by mr marset campos , on behalf of the confederal group of the european united left / nordic green left , on the situation in fiji and the solomon islands ;
situation in turkey and northern iraq
what lessons has the council learnt from the current financial crisis ? what short-term and long-term measures are presently under discussion ?
also in this regard , i wish to highlight the positions expressed on such matters in recent european councils .
in this way , the eu must act as an area of solidarity , combining this assistance to armenia with the aforementioned appropriate aspects .
mr president , i am grateful to you for giving me the floor to answer questions .
subject : decimation of fish stocks by cormorants in the rhine and other eu inland waterways
the vote will be taken on thursday at noon .
( the sitting was suspended at 11.25 a.m. and resumed at 11.30 a.m. )
i consider that this criterion cannot be used arbitrarily and may have dangerous effects for certain member states .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
what does the council think about the terrorist attacks in casablanca which killed 41 people , including a number of union citizens , and injured many others ?
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see minutes
madam president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i should like to take the opportunity to congratulate the rapporteurs on the substantive , good work that they have done .
if senior appointments are to retain the confidence of all member states , they should be appointed by consensus. we therefore voted against paragraph 23 .
in summary , we need to be aware that , in a global world , in this global game , those who only play national cards lose .
it seems to me to be particularly important to link the initiative of removing administrative barriers for businesses with the opening up of new paths to new technologies .
b5-0042 / 2003 by mrs malmström , on behalf of the group of the european liberal , democrat and reform party : chechnya ;
i congratulate all the rapporteurs on the discharges before the house this morning. i have a few comments on mr kuhne ' s and mrs stauner ' s reports .
i do not wish to embark on a discussion of this issue now but you can rest assured i will pass on your remarks to the bureau .
member of the commission . - mr president , this has been a rather heated debate , but i would like to emphasise three points which i believe are fundamental .
' finally ' because , after very lengthy negotiations , we have reached a compromise and the ' polluter pays ' principle is now genuinely beginning to take shape in this dossier .
mr president , we have already discussed chechnya on a number of occasions in this house , and it is important to mention this .
in my opinion , angola is a test case. we should , at any rate , judge the portuguese presidency on its actions and not on its words .
deposit-guarantee schemes as regards the coverage level and the payout delay ( debate )
our priorities ( i.e. the " left-overs " ) must be :
( fr ) mr president , i should simply like to ask my group , under these circumstances , to vote against .
the leaking of information in advance of a vote , or the alleged quoting of facts from letters which were never in the letters in the first place ...
firstly , we must urgently adopt an ambitious package of legislative , economic and social recommendations .
( the amended order of business was adopted . )
i would simply ask you , mr commissioner , kindly to bear in mind that , even if one does not share your opinion , one is nevertheless able to think .
madam president , i have just one request , namely that the commissioner answer my questions .
the taxpayers of britain , realising all of this , seeing your direct tax , will simply conclude that we cannot afford the european union .
mrs mosiek-urbahn , you told me that you wished to make a brief statement. i would in fact have liked it to be a little more brief .
you are just making the point that i made when i said we could not carry on with the votes .
the minutes of yesterday 's sitting have been distributed. are there any comments ?
the vote will take place today , at 6.30 p.m.
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
finally , i would like to thank mr farage for his confidence shown in my staying here for a second term !
mr president , i very much support the rapporteur 's position. i agree with everything she said .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12.00 p.m.
the following questions are addressed to the council .
b4-1157 / 96 by mrs aelvoet and mr telkämper , on behalf of the green group in the european parliament , on the situation of refugees in eastern zaire ; croatia
mr president-in-office , you have of course spoken for 30 minutes , but i think that the members , who have heard you speak for two hours , have been listening very carefully .
we shall now vote on the request for referral back to committee .
mr president , the second eu / latin-american and caribbean summit we are discussing today should be viewed in a positive light by a majority in the house .
yes / recital 1a : amendment 5 , amendments 11 or 14
2. the institutional aspects of the european union 's capacity to integrate new member states ( vote )
subject : the ilois people of the chagos archipelago
impact of transport on public health
mr graefe zu baringdorf , all the members have read this document , which is without debate .
madam president , first of all , i would like to thank and congratulate the rapporteur , mr tannock , for the excellent report and very good preparation of the relevant resolution .
thank you , madam vice-president , what you said was highly symbolic and rich in essence. now , for reasons of balanced representation , i shall give the floor to commissioner andor .
. ( de ) i have abstained from voting on the accession of the czech republic .
i fully support the rapporteur ' s proposal that an annual report be drafted on human rights in the mediterranean countries .
i would like to make the following points on the latter two agencies :
. the european social model is in need of reform. the question , though , is how to reform something that is virtually ‘ emblematic ’ of today ’ s europe .
mr gollnisch , i take note of your statement which will be examined by the bureau and which will certainly appear in the verbatim report of proceedings of this house .
the adopted text also proposes a timetable for the application of these two standards that is demanding , but achievable , for the automotive sector .
the vote will take place immediately .
question no 49 by proinsias de rossa ( h-0786 / 02 ) :
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12.00 noon .
we have a choice to make :
the debate is closed. the vote will take place at the end of the debate .
furthermore , considering that in 2010 , member states can adjust their operational programmes , i should like to ask the commission when it will adopt this communication ?
i believe that this dialogue between modes of transport is essential , as is the cross-border one between road systems , which can also encourage other aspects of road safety .
subject : state domination of the electricity market
trade in raw materials and commodities ( debate )
commissioner , i wish you much success in your work .
the vote on topical and urgen subjects will take place in a few moments .
mr zapatero , with regard to the social pact in particular , you have our full support .
question no 5 by camilo nogueira román ( h-0275 / 02 ) :
a state is sovereign when its authority is exclusive. within the territory of kosovo , however , there are several forces at work , not just a single one .
does the commission consider current fiscal rules to be flexible enough to allow governments to react to economic trouble but strict enough to ensure the sustainability of public finances ?
subject : recognition of ski instructor qualifications in france
the next item is the debate on the european council report and commission statement - results of the european council ( brussels , 13-14 march 2008 ) .
for the rest , i refer to the speech i made yesterday during the debate in the house .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
4. un convention on the rights of persons with disabilities (
as the time allotted to questions to the council has run out , question nos . 18 to 27 will be answered in writing .
the vote on the angelilli report will take place tomorrow at 12 noon , whereas the vote on the santini report will take place on wednesday at the same time .
could mr van velzen perhaps comment on whether amendment no 10 now says : " considers it important to deepen ... " or " to clarify the following concepts " ?
( the sitting was suspended at 8.25 p.m. and resumed at 9 p.m. )
by adopting this second phase of the ' asylum package ' , brussels is facilitating and encouraging global immigration to europe .
the president cut off the speaker
mr president , i am , of course , making this request on behalf of my group .
council position at first reading : see minutes
the vote will take place tomorrow at 9 a.m.
( parliament approved the request to postpone the vote )
( the sitting was suspended at 7.10 p.m. and resumed at 9.00 p.m. )
there are so many questions which so far have remained unanswered or which provoke fudged answers .
allow me to begin by going over the events which led up to the eurogroup and ecofin meeting of 24 and 25 november .
. madam president , the question is : do we want to find an effective means of protecting the world ’ s climate and the future of humanity or not ?
- ( el ) madam president , first of all let me congratulate mrs gomes , as well as the commissioner , who we felt showed humane sensitivity regarding today 's events in iraq .
i therefore voted against the report .
the vote will take place on tuesday , 5 july 2011 .
i am afraid mrs wallström seems to be paying more attention to mr barón crespo than to you , mr fatuzzo .
it has been noted that the proposed legal basis is not appropriate. this is cause for concern and should be checked against the relevant treaties .
it is also important that we give more attention to transport and attempt in that area simply to make full use of the potential for co2 reduction .
questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive written answers ( see annex ) .
summing up , we very much welcome this debate and we very much support the line expressed by mr miranda .
lastly i am grateful to the commission for the importance it has given in its communication to improving the coherence , transparency and openness to scrutiny of the communautaire approach .
we are hamstrung by the annual ceilings , and the multiannual financial framework is of no use in crisis years .
the above considerations are the reasons why we vote against the fontaine report on a european voluntary service for young people .
i shall now put to the vote the request from the liberal group to replace the item on the ' non-proliferation treaty ' with a new item entitled ' iraq ' .
. ( el ) mr president , i see from the minutes that the question and answer exchange during question time with minister moscovici has been wrongly recorded .
indeed , in current circumstances , perhaps only a woman could have secured agreement .
the second europe is one of countries that are negotiating with the european union : countries , therefore , that are in the first or second-class waiting rooms for the european train .
the vote will take place tomorrow at noon .
mr president , first i would like to congratulate mr fernández martín on the intelligent and balanced work he has done on this report , and give him my best wishes .
mr schulz wishes to speak on a point of order .
the next item is the statement by the commission on public health and food safety .
the world bank should therefore prioritise small-scale , local access to energy , particularly in the least developed countries in africa and asia .
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
furthermore , an external audit has been commissioned , which is nearly complete , and we will see what these independent external experts recommend and also adjust our future policy to that .
in paragraph 47 , ' community assistance for reconstruction , development and stabilisation ( cards ) ' should be replaced with ' instrument for accession ( ispa ) . '
concerning culture and education , our objective is to agree on the launch of a policy dialogue .
6. interim partnership agreement between the ec and the pacific states (
firstly , we accept no form of discrimination , and are for complete tolerance in matters relating to this debate .
( the president cut the speaker off )
spent fuel and radioactive waste ( debate )
we must be more mindful of the environment , food security and animal rights , for these are issues related to quality of life .
( pl ) mr president , it is appalling that the road to civil freedom and respect for fundamental human rights needs to be paved with the killing of innocent people .
question no 8 by john cushnahan ( h-0878 / 97 )
16. ecb annual report for 2009 (
in writing . - ( it ) madam president , ladies and gentlemen , i voted in favour of mrs kinnock 's report on a special place for children in eu external action .
the vote will take place this afternoon at 5.30 p.m.
the scourge of bse is destroying the beef industry throughout europe. the florence agreement gives us the opportunity to rebuild the industry but it will take some time yet .
i would like to thank the rapporteur , mr moraes , once again for his fine work and for his very good , if not excellent , cooperation on this report .
i believe that the european union should also support greater publicity for the cultural capitals and should bring forward a stronger programme in this respect .
thank you very much , the joint debate is now closed .
( the speaker agrees to answer the question of another member in accordance with rule 149 ( 8 ) )
we want all of the european union 's citizens , not only young people , to be able to have the means and opportunity to learn at least two foreign languages .
market access for our enterprises has also been facilitated by the dismantling of many arbitrary barriers .
we have not , then , had any response regarding the varying assessments of the scientists , and i would like to hear your answer to this .
the vote will take place tomorrow from 11 a.m.
the vote will take place on thursday 23 june 2011 .
the commission will continue to support employers ' and employees ' organisations in the whole sport sector and it will continue its open dialogue with all sport organisations on this issue .
and that is the end of my explanations of vote for today .
the undersigned members voted against amendments 5 , 7 , 8 , 12 and 32 because they are in favour of the existence of the ‘ sufficient ’ category for classifying bathing water .
3. seventh eu programme for research , technological development and demonstration (
at the time , we put forward our analysis of the commission 's proposal , which indicated that it was perhaps overly ambitious .
b5-0774 / 2001 by sjöstedt , marset campos and di lello finuoli , on behalf of the gue / ngl group ,
commissioner , before you leave the chamber i invite you to come here so that i can take your fingerprints , perhaps , together with mr pirker .
there is no coordinated fiscal policy so it is doomed to failure and it is failing as we speak .
may the sun set upon this manoeuvre as soon as possible , and my own group will oppose the change of rules tomorrow .
mr tannock and mrs martens , on behalf of the ppe-de group , on the religious clashes in india ( b5-0287 / 2002 ) ;
we should remember that the mechanism now known as reinforced cooperation already existed well before the treaty of amsterdam .
( the sitting was suspended at 6.15 p.m. and resumed at 6.30 p.m. )
aid for trade works best when it is delivering a common set of objectives between donor and recipient .
who is to speak in favour of this request ?
thank you , mr herman , for the valuable report which you have presented to us which i am sure will be appreciated by all your colleagues .
( es ) mr president , i would like to return to the subject of the admissibility of amendments , which you referred to before .
in the context of this compromise , i should like to make the following statement :
since ireland joined the european union in 1973 , the country has received more than eur 7 billion in financial support under the european social fund .
we swedish social democrats present this explanation of vote concerning the following points :
( parliament approved the request for referral back )
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , that is what could and should have been avoided if europe had taken the necessary solidarity measures for the workers of europe .
question no 11 by nikitas kaklamanis ( h-1046 / 96 ) :
we should therefore streamline both the infrastructures and the financial budget , and we in the house should therefore support the document which will be put to the vote tomorrow .
on the positive side , as regards the visa dialogue , the country has made important progress. the commission 's proposal of 27 may for short stay , visa-free travel reflects this .
it was no easy task and the path was strewn with pitfalls. however , i think the results are very positive and i will mention three points in particular .
madam president , the proposal for a regulation on support for rural development from the eaggf incorporates all of the existing measures relating to objective 5a of structural policy .
1. it honours the commitments under the kyoto protocol to reduce greenhouse gas emissions into the atmosphere ;
i hope that since this report is the voice of the european parliament , this will help to remove the discrimination that is found in this area .
– i have received five motions for resolutions ( 1 ) under rule 103 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
with this updated system we have progressed enormously. i should like in particular to underline the following elements .
b5 ­ 0706 / 2000 by mr dupuis and others , on behalf of the technical group of independent members - mixed group , on the situation in burma ;
once again let me congratulate the rapporteur , mr vakalis , on his excellent report .
after all , we must remember that , in this period of crisis , the smes do , and must do , more to create jobs than the large corporations do .
secondly , there should be no untoward discrimination between men and women , apart from what is necessitated by virtue of strictly biological differences , including maternity or special aspects of motherhood .
the aim of this directive is to reduce nitrogen oxides by 42 % by the year 2003 .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
- my group is happy to support the figueiredo report , and congratulates the rapporteur on her dedicated approach to the issue .
therefore , if the honourable spokesmen agree , voting will be taken on these amendments at the end .
president-in-office of the council . ( de ) mr president , many thanks for permitting me to answer these questions together , as they belong together in terms of their subject matter .
i declare the session of the european parliament adjourned .
thirdly , there are no examples in economic history of countries with a falling population generating long-term growth in the internal market. they have to export their goods .
the commission furthermore does not support amendments 5 , 10 , 11 , 16 , 17 or18 .
in order to save fishing , we need to save the species .
three key axes must therefore be put in place :
the next item is the oral question to the commission ( o-0037 / 2005 - b6-0169 / 2005 ) by mr sifunakis , on the draft unesco convention on cultural diversity .
as mr pirker is not present , question no 18 ( h-0165 / 97 ) falls .
9. nomination of a member of the court of auditors - mr igors ludborzs ( lv ) (
( for the results and other details on the vote : see minutes )
. i do not wish to take the floor on that , as i am not aware of the problem that the member raised .
- to assess current international safety standards and the way in which these are applied ;
i voted in favour of the report .
mr barroso made a distinction earlier between demagogy and democracy. i greatly fear that the commission and the council of europe are being demagogic on this matter .
adoption of the minutes of the previous sitting
question no 2 by felipe camisón asensio ( h-0298 / 97 )
the question 's author , mr caveri , is unfortunately unable to be present , so we will first hear commissioner solbes mira on this question .
mr verheugen , ladies and gentlemen , it is not up to the council to comment on procedural issues or on the decisions taken by this house in this field .
18 . 2009 discharge : european training foundation (
establishment of a period of one month following its adoption for the commission to forward a proposal to the council to adapt or confirm this ad hoc regulation .
. mr president , i would like to thank commissioner rehn for his reply and to speak essentially about romania .
the foolishness of this proposal suggests that the people of europe are more in need of protection from brussels than from the sun !
we shall now proceed to the vote .
it is gratifying that the european economic and trade office has been set up in taiwan , something which i think indicates that the eu wants to see increased cooperation .
( the president cut the speaker off )
4. report on competition policy 2009 (
the next item is the commission communications on the future of pension systems and the modernisation of accounting .
i expect it to enhance our dialogue and coordination with regard to the planning of parliament 's part-sessions and ensuring the presence of commissioners .
in writing . - ( hu ) the fight against stereotypes is one of the six priority areas of the equality roadmap for 2006-2010 .
will the commission take account of the experience with ngos acquired by staff in the development dg when it draws up the establishment plan for the new implementing body ?
the first item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
i call on the author of this question , mr rocard , to introduce the subject .
the votes will take place on wednesday .
we will look into the background to the ban .
subject : negotiations for turkey to take part in joint frontex operations
the group of the european people 's party ( christian democrats ) is waiting to see if the european council has the courage to answer these two questions frankly .
first of all , if she has a complaint about the lack of women representatives at ministerial level in member states , i suggest she takes it up with them .
i trust that our message will nonetheless reach the council of ministers , which needs to rule unanimously .
i am happy that the innovative medicines initiative will improve research conditions and with them the chances of developing better medicines for the treatment of neglected diseases .
the next item is question time to the council ( b4-0431 / 96 ) .
( fr ) mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i should like to make a few remarks about the lahti european summit .
the vote will take place tomorrow .
thirdly , as well as ensuring that social spending is financially secure through the use of joint contributions and hybrid fund-based solutions , we must put the focus on social investment .
it is not enough for us to sign agreements with various african states. we also have to ensure the safety of these vessels .
as the author is not present , question no 56 lapses .
before that , however , the french people will have to give a vote of social self-defence on 29 may and say no in chirac ’ s referendum .
the next item is the vote .
there is no parliament in the world in which question time is not sacrosanct. i would ask you again to raise this matter with the bureau .
as regards on-call time , it is clear to me that it is absolutely essential that this time , including inactive periods , be wholly considered as working time .
( cs ) ladies and gentlemen , i am pleased that today , after six years of discussions , we have provided europe with
[ com ( 2001 ) 530 - c5-0566 / 2001 - 2001 / 0240 ( cns ) ]
subject : cohesion funds and public deficits
mr president , mr evans has just referred to yesterday morning ' s vote , specifically to the vote at which certain amendments were adopted by a majority of one .
yes , mr posselt , i agree with you entirely that it would be highly desirable for us to have european standards .
i believe it is vital that the european parliament does not lose its joint legislative power with the council on the issue of development policy .
. – mr president. i want to add to the remarks made by mr roche in what has been a very interesting debate .
does the commissioner agree that early next year is before the end of march ?
will the eu increase the funding of programmes to promote the attainment of the objectives ? i give the floor to mr papoutsis to answer mr seppänen 's question .
you are aware of the procedures in place for calling formally for the creation of such a committee. if you wish to do so , you know how .
mrs hardstaff , we will include your statement on the vote you mentioned in today 's minutes .
i should first like to thank mrs read for the reliability and clarity of her work , which has allowed us to hold such a useful debate .
in his report the rapporteur , mr aparicio sánchez , addressed the commission ' s proposal for a regulation which has been largely based on statistical evidence and concessions .
( the president cut off the speaker )
in writing . - ( fr ) mrs castex voted for the mantovani report on the establishment of a european qualifications framework .
the next item is the vote .
thus , the council cannot comment on the nord stream project in any way that could be construed as interference in national legal processes .
subject : support for slovakia what steps are being taken by the commission to further consolidate and support the positive democratic developments in slovakia ?
i think that the slovenian presidency , which will be here today , will come back to this request .
10. mandate for the trilogue on the 2011 draft budget (
in seeking and achieving these aims , commissioner , you and the commission have the support of our group and probably of a large majority of this house .
i have always had confidence in this. now , of course , i have even more confidence and i support israel in its attempts more than ever .
6. presentation of the commission work programme for 2011 (
we therefore emphasise the need to protect the specific characteristics of farming in various member states and , in particular , in portugal .
questions nos 62 , 63 and 64 will receive written answers .
if the country is to be rescued from political and economic disaster , much still urgently needs to be done , madam commissioner .
thank you very much , mr president of the commission , thank you very much , mr president-in-office , for your notable contributions to an interesting and important debate .
i put to the vote the request from the group of independents for a europe of nations .
ladies and gentlemen , as you know , judicial cooperation is to become part of the legislative areas of responsibility of the european parliament in the very near future .
question 1 will not be taken as the subject to which it refers already appears in the agenda for this part-session .
under the approach in these proposals , we would soon strip away that discretion from member states. that might suit the eu 's expansionist agenda , but it will not defeat terrorism .
relying on industry-led initiatives is quite insufficient , for such initiatives frequently serve vested interests .
mr president , i am delighted to respond to the debate this evening and give my conclusions on the three reports concerning the food hygiene package .
participation of poland and the slovak republic in community training , youth and education programmes
4. next steps in border management in the eu (
now , of course , we could say : " romano " locuto , causa finita .
thirdly , the commission should publish its annual reports with policy recommendations in parliament before they are discussed in council .
section 14 ( on the revision of the treaties ) : we consider that unanimity shall prevail when the treaties are revised in accordance with section 13 a .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
b5-0337 / 1999 by mr wuori and others , on behalf of the greens / ale group , on the ratification of the rome treaty on the statute to establish the permanent international criminal court ;
dates of forthcoming sittings : see minutes
almost all member states consider microchipping to be a reliable method of identification , and i look favourably on automatic harmonisation after a transitional period of eight years .
i am glad to see that the arguments of the british presidency for reform of the common agricultural policy are echoed in these commission proposals .
yes , mr vallvé , i can definitely promise that the next handbook will indeed refer to the various languages i have just mentioned - catalan in particular , but others too .
subject : additional support measures for smes under tourism policy
' invites the european union 's trade partners to progressively reduce or dismantle barriers restricting market access for goods '
i should like to know whether the house agrees with this proposal , which is going to save us some time .
all in all , though , this report demonstrates our commitment to the aforementioned aims , and we therefore welcome the support this report has received from the rapporteur , mr katiforis .
thank you very much , mr patijn .
thank you very much , commissioner pinheiro .
this , we believe , is the new direction for europe. this is the eu that we will work towards .
before the voting on paragraph 4
question no 12 by maurizio turco ( h-0332 / 03 ) :
therefore , i believe that the less we deal with this issue , the better .
. – mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i endorse this report. the situation of europe ’ s roma population is not a good one .
mr kinnock , you are welcome to clarify the situation , if you wish .
1. action plan on urban mobility ( vote )
we equally want to pay tribute to the work of naeem sabir jamaldini , the coordinator of the human rights commission of pakistan , who was murdered on 1 march .
1. christian communities in the middle east ( debate )
given the suspicion that beef is arousing among consumers , the best and most immediate strategy was to prove the origin of beef products and develop communication .
- the failure of the european project in its attempts at achieving the highest standards of education and the failure of the education system in various countries ;
unless i am mistaken , mr president , i have two minutes .
whereas coordinated monetary policies should take a higher priority in the transatlantic partnership .
- ( sv ) we have voted against a number of points in mrs haug ' s report on the guidelines for the 2001 budgetary procedure .
the commission cannot , however , accept the following amendments , which could be summarised as follows :
this green paper intends to launch a debate among the widest possible audience of stakeholders on two crucial issues :
mr president , this is becoming a bit of a familiar refrain , to agree with my colleagues .
it is the recommendation of the rapporteur to reject the commission proposal. those wishing to follow the rapporteur must now cast a negative vote .
( results of votes and voting details : see minutes )
we can ensure that they are encouraged to implement urban development plans , which is something that they have not all been able to do .
mr chountis , i am aware of your complaint , which i completely support .
- ( ga ) madam president , could the commissioner expand on what he has said about volunteering or volunteer work in sport and about how the commission will promote this ?
i am looking forward to the discussion with you tonight. again , thank you for being so quick in your action on this issue .
( the sitting was opened at 9.00 a.m. )
i should like to thank the president-in-office and colleagues .
how must the application of cross-compliance be redefined so as to ensure the legitimate payment of uniform decoupled aid to farmers affected ?
i would like to add an extra touch of cynicism : the explanatory statement makes domestic workers responsible for the fact that their employers employ them illegally .
mindful of the consequences of these factors on prosperity , standards of living and relations between the generations , i voted for this report .
that is why i would ask you for your support in tomorrow 's vote so that we secure a broad majority in favour of progress in our european media policy .
amendments 10 , 41 and 50 can be accepted in part .
this timeline benefits romanian consumers , as the prospect of market liberalisation after 1 january 2013 means improved quality services at an affordable price .
i hope that that is the message which will go out to the romanian government today , loud and clear .
will we not be creating a technocratic and administrative monster , which yet again distances the average citizen from the decision-making process ?
there are no magical measures. energy efficiency is the number one measure. without this , the world will have much higher prices. it is very clear .
those comments are no longer appropriate .
president prodi , it is for you alone to decide whether the confidence of the group of the european people ’ s party ( christian democrats ) and european democrats ...
( the president cut off the speaker )
the second amendment refers to the inclusion of live bait in the tac. it would be a mistake to count it as part of the caught quota .
the next item is the report by alejandro cercas , on behalf of the committee on employment and social affairs , on the implementation of social legislation relating to road transport .
there is no reference to ballistic-missile defence , which indirectly but clearly proves it is being accepted through νατο and the εu itself .
your eternal solution is to have yet more europe. really , you deserve to fail !
i look forward to continuing these discussions with members of the european parliament in the run-up to bali , and thank you very much for your support .
to reiterate , intra-european transfers are not affected. nonetheless , not everything was achieved .
madam president , there are at least five factors to be considered in the whole operation to improve the environment proposed in the auto / oil programme .
i have no wish to appear pretentious , madam president , but i too have a dream .
that is why we support this amendment , which reiterates that fundamental rights are all of equal value and must all be protected in the same way .
mrs mussolini , that is not a point of order .
we hope that our amendments will receive the majority support of parliament , since they will serve to improve our community economic and social objectives .
in conclusion i would like to reiterate the importance of the many roles of the ombudsman and to wish him well in his duties .
i will accept one statement from mr farage , the leader of this group .
president-in-office , if you stand on your principles and let us work together to achieve common goals , if you do that , liberals and democrats will work with you .
the eu 's unilateral adoption of an objective for reducing emissions by 30 % by 2020 would have grave repercussions in france in terms of competitiveness and jobs .
subject : european policy on arms export controls
mid-term review of the sixth community environment action programme ( debate )
on 20 april 2007 , the commission published the results of the consultation on health services it had launched in september 2006 .
in writing . - the need to reform the cap has to be on-going. unfortunately parliament 's report is not ambitious enough .
specifically , what does the commission expect to be the key reforms of spending on agriculture ?
we also accept its call for the sustainable use of natural resources , particularly water , and the development of sustainable energy sources combined with savings and efficiency .
could the commission propose that a single body be set up to control airspace throughout europe ?
therefore , i have taken specific steps to encourage the industry to bring a standard charger onto the market .
on the second proposal , overall the commission can accept five amendments in full , two in part and twelve in principle .
the vote will take place today at 12 noon .
for all these reasons , therefore , i am bound to congratulate the council for moving the issue forward , and i look forward to successful implementation of the new text .
europe possesses important coal deposits , but we need to invest in new , cleaner processing solutions .
mr president , the agreement being promoted will be the first application of the stability pact in south-eastern europe ,
mr president , i join in the congratulations to all involved with this matter .
i would like you to send to my office copies of the material you referred to. i will indeed take up the matter , as you suggest .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i should like to thank all those who have spoken in the debate. i agree with most of the observations that i have heard .
– mr president , i should like to express my sorrow and concern about recent operations by the israeli army .
secondly , please accept the compromise. this is much bigger and more complicated than it looks. there are two fundamental continuing fights behind this .
the outcome of the vote on parliament 's calendar of sessions for 2004 , means that only ten plenary sessions will be held in strasbourg .
i will vote for the fourçans report on the broad guidelines of the economic policies of the member states and the community .
the vote will take place on tuesday at 12 noon .
. as i did at the committee stage , i supported today the compromise package as commended to us in the skinner report .
it is perfectly obvious that the recent tragedy in beslan and the inauspicious predictions are yet another result of the break-up of the ussr and the fall of socialism .
the next item is statements by the council and the commission on the situation in kosovo .
1. common organisation of agricultural markets ( vote )
civilized countries should be judged by how they treat weaker species as well as by how they treat their human populations .
i wish to end by expressing my support for this proposal for a directive which encourages better supervision and evaluation of the commercial transactions system .
... but this also applies to those who feel that we need to take a new leap forwards in redefining the union and to move directly towards european federalism .
there are already countless official orders , including european ones , but let us not just make do with the slogan !
the commission , along with eu member states and the presidency , will of course follow this case very closely .
the bottom line is that however important japan may be as a trading partner , european citizens must be protected from any risk from radioactive contaminated products .
mrs berès , do you have a procedural motion ?
the purpose of this action programme is to define objectives , to establish a basis for reflection , and to ensure the success of future community projects in this area .
question no 7 by marialiese flemming ( h-0078 / 03 ) :
( the sitting was suspended at 12.49 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
( for the results and other details on the vote : see minutes )
report ( a5-0357 / 2000 ) by mr parish , on behalf of the committee on agriculture and rural development , on the situation and perspectives of young farmers in the european union [ 2000 / 2011 ( ini ) ]
so that is what we think is important , before making any choice , ...
there is , then , much to be done if our european model of a health policy founded upon solidarity is to be maintained in the long term .
we must take all these approaches. energy policy is top priority , and the last few months have shown us just how important it is .
. madam president , i will avoid making this a purely dutch discussion , and speak in english so that others can participate directly in this interesting debate .
secondly , the commission implemented this decision in full compliance with its legal obligations .
the internal market offers citizens and companies a host of opportunities. the internal market operates well , on the whole. however , sometimes mistakes can be made too .
madam president , commissioner , mrs hall , ladies and gentlemen , we are being asked to express an opinion on the reallocation of radio frequencies .
( lt ) the commission 's position on the council regulation on the common market organisation for wine discriminates against certain countries , especially the new member states .
the danish government has presented several proposals designed to tighten up denmark 's immigration laws .
these are serious concerns that demand our attention as we proceed to develop the closer relationship with china that we all accept is inevitable and desirable .
president-in-office . - ( sl ) mr medina ortega , thank you very much for your additional question .
madam president , i just wanted to ask whether something could be called an ideology just because it is not liked in ireland .
that is why i am also proud that by a large majority our british parliament ratified the lisbon treaty .
i hope that our question will give the commission the opportunity to take action .
mr president , against my advice , parliament adopted the amendment tabled by mr radwan , on behalf of the ppe-de group , to my report on comitology .
– the next item is the debate on seven motions for a resolution on azerbaijan . ( 1 )
madam president , i come with two questions for the commissioner. one : what is culture ? and two : what on earth has it got to do with the european union ?
– whether or not this has been formally discussed , the fact remains that otto schily and rita verdonk have raised an objection .
madam president , i would suggest that this will give us the opportunity to adopt a short resolution on ethiopia .
( the sitting was suspended at 8.10 p.m. and resumed at 9.00 p.m. )
vote on a request for urgent procedure
( parliament rejected the request ) ( parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
i want to conclude by saying something else. we will not allow turkey to gain , rather than a privileged partnership , the discriminatory membership that the commission envisages .
it would threaten the independent , commercially based and subsidy free nature of british ports .
1. amendment of regulation ( ec ) no 1927 / 2006 establishing the european globalisation adjustment fund (
the vote will take place on thursday , 19 june 2008 .
i hope you will help me to keep my promise , and i hope we will all meet again on the action day in 2012 .
subject : failure of consumer policy in the internal market
mr president , i rise to speak in order to express our support for a resolution with which my group and i , as member for galicia , agree .
mr posselt , do you wish to speak on a point of order ?
9. a simplified business environment for companies (
i have received one motion for a resolution tabled in accordance with rule 115 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure .
thank you for your kind words , mr bolkestein .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11.00 a.m.
besides the protection of children 's rights , the issue of education is becoming more and more topical. attentive education allows uninformed young offenders to grow into informed , law-abiding citizens .
when introducing loans of this kind , however , a few important issues need to be borne in mind .
. ( sv ) we have voted against the report by mrs lalumière for reasons that include the following :
the meps of the communist party of greece call for this regulation to be withdrawn and will be voting against the report .
i have received a motion for a resolution to wind up the debate .
there is , furthermore , an amendment designed to have us reject the common position. i wish , however , to argue in favour of our following the rapporteur ’ s recommendation .
the commission plans to propose a legislative framework on the basic safety and quality principles in relation to the donation and procurement of human organs .
- after the vote on amendment 243 :
whatever happens , we must not allow subsidies to be used by all kinds of second-rate producers to peddle their negative disinformation to the television viewers .
in this context parliament gave a resounding approval to my report on regional advisory councils , or racs , as they are known .
before proceeding to the votes , in accordance with rule 80 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure , i would ask the commission to clarify its position regarding the amendments .
in terms of the report as a whole , i very much support the work that ms muscardini has done in the committee on international trade .
fourthly , we are against introducing any other new standard apart from the so-called ' green dot ' , already in use in most countries .
it is called democracy and long may it be so .
( b5-0173 / 2002 ) by mr van orden and others , on behalf of the group of the european people 's party ( christian democrats ) and european democrats , on the situation in zimbabwe ;
as the role of the member states in the whole process has not been sufficiently clarified , we chose to abstain in the final vote .
thank you , mr president-in-office of the council. in turn , on behalf of parliament , i would like to thank you warmly for your words .
mr president , mr grasser , mrs grybauskaitė , i should like to begin by addressing my colleague , mr böge , and sincerely thanking him for his outstanding work .
has the commission or any member state proposed or requested the extension of the dual surveillance mechanism beyond 31 december 2008 or any other measures in that framework ?
i wonder what on earth this has to do with stopping suicide bombing ?
i sincerely believe that , given this background of uncertainty , the commission should seek to send a positive signal to the sector today in parliament .
then , with the financial backing of our community programme , the daphne programme , several centres were created or revamped from 2001 to 2005 , with the aid of child focus .
( the sitting was closed 11.10 p.m. )
should the blame for this be laid at the door of the french presidency ? i say , quite clearly , ' no ' ! that would be too simple !
the next item is the declaration by the commission on the eu framework for coordinating national roma integration strategies .
accidents at work are the heavy price the working class is made to pay , within the scope of the barbarous spread of capitalism , all for the sake of profit .
the minutes of yesterday ' s sitting have been distributed .
mr president , the report by mrs kinnock is one of those which the socialist group has followed with the greatest interest and affection .
mr graefe zu baringdorf has the floor .
10. trade in raw materials and commodities (
( a5-0225 / 2002 ) by mrs scheele , on the proposal for a european parliament and council regulation on genetically modified food and feed [ com ( 2001 ) 425 - c5-0368 / 2001 - 2001 / 0173 ( cod ) ] .
( pl ) mr president , it would appear that all agreements reached in lisbon are doomed. the lisbon strategy and the lisbon treaty have both ended in a fiasco .
this agreement is based on human rights and democratic principles. it covers all our relations with mexico , notably cooperation and political dialogue .
the proviso is established that ‘ standard clauses ’ laid down jointly by the commission and the member states must be incorporated in any agreements concluded .
thank you , mr byrne. the use of my gavel was not aimed at you but at an mep who was trying to interrupt you .
madam president , truro is in cornwall , not in devon .
debates on cases of breaches of human rights , democracy and the rule of law ( announcement of motions for resolutions tabled ) : see minutes
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 : 00 .
another issue on which the commission should intervene more aggressively is the fight against counterfeiting and the protection of intellectual property rights .
i invite the rapporteur to table an oral amendment to recognise the usefulness and effectiveness of actors who base their work on the christian faith .
that is why i solemnly ask you to withdraw this harmful draft , which threatens an economy and a culture alike .
although i understand the importance of sustainable urban development , i think it will be difficult to achieve it without a common definition of ' urban areas ' .
it is for these reasons that i ask you , ladies and gentlemen , to reject this initiative .
i am sorry for the long delay. now you have got to earn your lunch ! mr podestà will take the remaining votes .
finally , i would like to emphasise again that , by calling for a directive that reflects these objectives , we will demonstrate our overall support for strong cultural diversity in europe .
that concludes questions to the commission .
we will give one of the quaestors a stepladder and ask them to sort it !
. – the precise answer is that i simply do not know .
thank you , commissioner , for that clear and concise contribution .
mr president , let me begin by congratulating our colleague mr de rossa on his work on this report and welcoming both the directive and the parallel statute for cooperatives .
the next item is question time ( b6-0138 / 2007 ) .
madam president , may i also be permitted to thank mr kinnock , and i am sure we shall see him for many years to come in this house .
( it ) mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the energy efficiency action plan should be revised in accordance with a holistic approach that combines europe 's numerous strategic policies .
this resolution is certainly not soft on drugs. it embodies tough - but practical and realistic - proposals for tackling this worrying problem .
in greece , the worst victims are mainly growers of juicing oranges , industrial tomatoes and sultanas , which are our country 's main products .
the vote will take place today , at 5.30 p.m.
1 ) the global competitiveness of european industry , especially in relation to the usa , must be combined with a guarantee of pluralism and cultural diversity .
president of georgia . ( es ) thank you very much for you words and your invitation , mr president. they are very important to our country .
( the sitting was closed at 12.10 p.m. )
defence of parliamentary immunity : see minutes
the vote will take place tomorrow .
thank you very much , commissioner bangemann .
the vote will take place on thursday at 12.30 p.m.
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , first of all i would like to offer my apologies , which i hope you will accept , for having misjudged brussels 's traffic .
the group of the greens / european free alliance also proposes inserting paragraph 30 before paragraph 22 .
. – mr president , i should like to start by congratulating our rapporteur , mr buzek , on his excellent work .
the treaty of lisbon needs to be ratified so that we can create a common european energy policy .
- before the vote on amendment 10
following the vote on paragraph 29
the next item is the council and commission statements on preparations for the cancún climate change conference ( 29 november-10 december ) .
the previous proposals by the basle committee on banking supervision are , in our present view , still unsatisfactory , and we believe that they should , in many instances , undergo thorough revision .
we have recently heard from the portuguese presidency that a serious debate on this proposal will soon be launched .
7. radioactive contamination of foodstuffs and of feedingstuffs ( codified version ) ( vote )
what progress has the commission made to date in its exercise to identify and recommit dormant edf resources for acp countries to the fast track initiative ( fti ) ?
we shall now hear from mrs bloch von blottnitz .
draft general budget for 2007 ( section iii ) - draft general budget for 2007 ( sections i , ii , iv , v , vi , vii and viii )
there is , unfortunately , a blatant contradiction between the passionate words spoken by prime minister blair in this assembly and the choices the council has made regarding the budget .
subparagraph ( a ) of paragraph 1 is not entirely correct , ( b ) is tendentious and ( c ) is , as already indicated , a possible threat to enlargement .
– the debate is closed .
( it ) mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the forthcoming european council must take a serious look at the global financial turbulence .
bananas are the world 's fourth most important crop , after rice , wheat and maize , and make a major contribution to food security .
( es ) as an activist for a humanist party , i defend human rights in all circumstances. i therefore also condemn violence , including that of hamas .
mr president , as we draw closer to the dates for decision-making , the meaning of some of the measures to be adopted changes .
mr president , as you know , numerous opinion polls have revealed how remote europe is from its people and how much remains to be done to bridge that gap .
now we come to the references to macao .
the whole idea is to reduce the level of protection offered by the social security code and the labour code .
once again , i join with all who have extended their condolences to those who lost their loved ones in the cermis tragedy .
composition of committees and delegations : see minutes
the next item is the joint debate on the common foreign and security policy on the following points :
for us romanians , energy security means security in the black sea region. europe 's energy policy may be affected by unresolved conflicts in this region .
on thursday and friday , you will be able to sign the attendance register .
concrete measures and action need to be considered so as to enable access for everyone , regardless of circumstance , to the emergency number , broadband and all new information technologies .
if there is a genuine single market the eu consumers should play exactly the same price for the same car ( including taxes ) irrespective of which country they live in .
apart from that , i hope to support the flautre report provided that a number of amendments are not adopted .
3. development of the community 's railways ( vote )
. mr president , i wish to begin by congratulating mr portas on his report , as it makes a relevant contribution to an important debate .
the vote will take place at 5.30 p.m.
for its part , the council has resigned from its institutional responsibilities .
measures such as those proposed therefore have my support .
in any case , something has to be done and the council should express an opinion .
mr president , what is at stake is the credibility of the european union and its effectiveness as a global player , rather than the effectiveness of aid .
( fr ) madam president , i congratulate our three rapporteurs for this quite remarkable summary that they have given of the current state of our common foreign and security policy .
in summary , the commission can accept amendments 1 , 6 , 7 and 8 , but cannot accept amendments 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 9 , 10 , 11 , 12 and 13 .
mark twain observed that , when all you have is a hammer , everything starts to look like a nail .
the president cut the speaker off
i have received six motions for resolutionstabled in accordance with rule 110 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
in essence , support for the agriculture sector should be strengthened after 2013. i think we have an opportunity to do something positive. let us support the bees .
mr president , as a european and catalan i fully support the need to reinforce historical memory in order to avoid future disasters while we learn from our past .
for those reasons , i voted in favour of this report .
the next item is the continuation of the debate on the european commission ' s annual legislative programme for the year 2000 .
mr titley , i quite understand that members whose names have not been called feel somewhat frustrated .
the next item is the council and commission statements on the presumed use of european countries by the cia for the transportation and illegal detention of prisoners .
( the president cut the speaker off )
the vote will take place tomorrow at 10 a.m.
( in successive votes , parliament adopted the three legislative resolutions )
. mr president , i wish to begin by associating myself very strongly with the sentiments expressed today by my friend , commission vice-president frattini .
unfortunately , the iraqi regime has chosen over the last 12 years not to cooperate fully in phasing out the country 's weapons of mass destruction and long-range missiles .
mr president , i should like to offer my warmest congratulations to everyone on their appointments .
this is an important first step for sport and for the eu. much can be achieved though our joint cooperation and assistance .
the problem of quota-hopping and flagging out must be addressed for it causes deep resentment in the industry .
mr president , it has been a very happy coincidence for the sake of democracy to have had the previous debate on the echelon network .
( the speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under rule 149 ( 8 ) )
the third certainty is that the european union is putting a proposal on the table that is an obligatory system of targets : 20 % or 30 % .
· it calls for fair treatment for islands and sparsely populated regions ;
as the next item we have the council and commission statements on preparations for the meeting of the european council in brussels on 13 and 14 december 2007 .
that is the information i wanted to pass on to you today and i look forward to listening to the comments here in this house concerning these difficult problems .
thank you very much for your words and your congratulations , mr deprez , but you should also offer your condolences to the rapporteur .
the next item is question time ( b6-0017 / 2006 ) .
i believe that the agreement is useful .
i declare the session of the european parliament adjourned .
the joint project for a new generation european air traffic management system gets my vote .
parliament is fully aware of the importance of this debate .
at a time of recession , we must all remember that our constituents need to protect their jobs and too hasty legislation can often damage this objective .
average milk prices have been going up , and albert deß just told me this morning that the spot market prices are now at 30 cents in certain areas .
the next item is the debate on topical and urgent subjects of major importance .
the vote will take place at 5.30 p.m.
the european investment bank has meanwhile committed a loan of ecu 362m for improvements of the existing verona-brennero line which constitutes a preliminary phase of the whole project .
these terrorist movements must therefore be eradicated once and for all. to this end , iran must be ostracized by europe , and syria must be forced to the negotiating table .
other than that , ms breyer , almost everything you said was factually incorrect .
the next item is the joint debate on four motions for resolution on the millennium bug : military , civilian and nuclear sectors :
thank you , i am sure we shall follow that up .
general fisheries commission for the mediterranean agreement area ( debate )
the vote will take place tomorrow at noon .
parliament 's proposals would allow progress on both counts. we hope that they will be incorporated by the commission .
mr president , i should like to thank the commission for its proposals regarding slim , and also mr crowley for his excellent report .
we are abstaining in today ’ s vote , since the choice is between two alternatives that both involve continued subsidy for advertising agricultural products .
the greek minister for foreign affairs , mr yiannitsis , has the floor on behalf of the council .
( parliament gave its assent to the oral amendment being tabled ) ( parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
i have voted for the resolution , but i protest against the cuban government ’ s travel ban on the .
question no 47 by graham watson ( h-0317 / 96 )
the next item is the continuation of the joint debate on the 1998 discharge .
i would ask you to stand for one minute 's silence in his memory .
( the commissioner indicated that he would speak later ) very well , thank you .
i have therefore voted against this report .
madam president , first of all , i , too , would like to welcome commissioner füle to this house .
strategy for a strengthened partnership with the pacific islands ( debate )
today , we must approve those amendments , partly because the assent procedure does not give the european parliament any power to make changes .
for the reasons outlined above i voted in favour of supporting the legal protection of farmers where it related to this issue .
common authorisation procedure for food additives , food enzymes and food flavourings - food additives - flavourings and certain food ingredients with flavouring properties - food enzymes ( debate )
child obesity is a serious problem in ireland and in europe and this problem must be effectively tackled head-on .
agenda for the next sitting : see minutes
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on friday , 24 may 1996 .
b5-0294 / 2001 by mr haarder , on behalf of the eldr group ,
on this basis , the commission ’ s ideas expressed in the communication deal with both the coordination of economic policies and the coordination and surveillance of budgetary policies .
the next item is the joint debate on :
( posiedzenie zostało otwarte o godz . 9.00 )
the commission could therefore submit amended or new proposals depending on the situation .
i shall be very brief. i had requested an explanation of vote for the group of the european liberal , democratic and reformist party on two reports .
( the sitting was closed at 10.50 p.m. )
we now come to the explanations of vote .
in its answer to question h-0234 / 02
you mentioned , commissioner , that this directive removes an error in the regulations that favours other modes of transport over aviation. that is an excellent point .
( parliament approved the request ) i would remind you that this will be our last friday of the session .
failure at school , exponentially increasing juvenile delinquence , anti-social behaviour , drug addiction , marginalisation - there is no end to the list of disastrous consequences of the breakdown in family solidarity .
this is why we voted against this report , despite the fact that it includes one or two positive points .
author . - ( de ) mr president , the current behaviour of the government of ukraine will definitely not make the country 's move into europe any easier .
subject : discrimination against polish shipyards in the light of the commission 's decision to approve state aid for the motor vehicle industry
the next item is the debate on :
- before the vote on amendment 7 :
therefore , my second question is : can we expect concrete action at the justice and home affairs council of 11 and 12 april ?
the second is modernising the employment rules in order to move towards gradual and flexible retirement. this would avoid the decline in employment income and future situations of poverty .
need for a comprehensive strategy to control cancer ( written declaration ) : see minutes
so i take the comments that have been made here in this chamber in this respect very seriously. let me try to respond to them .
i share the rapporteur ’ s view that the applicable legal basis should be the second subparagraph of article 300 ( 3 ) , namely that parliament should have been consulted under the assent procedure .
the objective of these measures is to bring the rural economies of the applicant countries into line with the cap , so that they can integrate in the immediate future .
the vote will take place at 12 noon .
president. i call mr von wogau to give the opinion of the committee on economic and monetary affairs and industrial policy , which is the committee responsible .
if this amendment were to be implemented , it would have very awkward consequences in sweden .
in writing . - ( pt ) the proposal for a regulation is justified by the commission 's new political approach involving the simplification of legislation and better regulation .
on behalf of the european people ' s party , i would like to once again congratulate the two rapporteurs for the great work they have done .
member of the commission . - mr president , i would like first of all to congratulate the rapporteur for this very comprehensive report .
the item is the debate on six motions for resolutions on the situation and cultural heritage in kashgar ( xinjiang uyghur autonomous region , china ) .
communication of council common positions : see minutes
moreover , i encourage the start of discussions regarding the launch of a global mechanism supervising wood cutting and trading .
( nl ) mr president , i too , of course , would like to offer my sincerest thanks to the rapporteur - this legislation will definitely lead to european consumers being better informed .
4. recognition and supervision of suspended sentences , alternative sanctions and conditional sentences ( vote )
announcement by the president : see minutes
questions nos 11 to 13 have been withdrawn .
that would be in my interest as well .
recommendation for second reading by mr castricum
14. double-hull or equivalent design requirements for single-hull oil tankers ( vote )
finally , i should like to thank commissioner piebalgs and the german presidency for making approval of the regulation at first reading possible .
the next item is the council and commission statements on the outcome of the bali climate change conference .
the situation is extremely serious and it may also get worse from a public health point of view , since water has perhaps already begun to run out in lampedusa .
i would highlight the provisions in some countries that successfully implement comprehensive rehabilitation after an accident as a condition for successful return to the labour market .
unequal development is inherent in the capitalist method of production , because the incentive for any development process is the maximisation of capital ;
two motions for a resolution to wind up the debate have been tabled .
in writing . - in line with our position during the vote in the libe committee ( the lead committee ) , we in the verts / ale group decided to vote against this proposal .
as for the specific question put by the honourable member , the problem to which it refers has not been discussed within the council 's bodies .
the oral question to the commission by monica frassoni , on behalf of the verts / ale group , on the creation of a roma fingerprints database in italy - b6-0170 / 2008 ) ;
mrs reding , on this symbolic day , we look forward to the eu strategy on combating violence against women , as you have already promised .
mr president , we prefer to conform to procedural principles. the original distribution of the voting list is therefore preferable .
thank you very much , mr gutiérrez. it will be corrected .
the vote will be tomorrow at noon .
( the president cut off the speaker )
my group would like to ask donor countries and the european union to respect their commitments and guarantee close coordination to increase the effectiveness of development aid .
therefore we must fight them all without fear or favour .
finally , madam president , we ask the commission to collect detailed information on the economic value of activities in europe related to works covered by copyright .
( 1 ) consumers ' interests have been placed at the heart of the revision of the legislative package ;
i must say , for example , that we were pleased to observe a sharp decline in the practice of overbooking .
there is beauty in the character .
the european year of people with disabilities is in full swing. it should mark the start of lasting change for our so-called invisible citizens .
given the importance of safe and effective transportation of goods in international trade , i support the commission 's proposal .
mr president , in the application of community science and research policy , the aspects of participation and dissemination are of central importance for countries such as portugal .
on the other hand , it has to be questionable whether a nine-hour cap on the transport of animals is legally possible in the single market .
1. concerning discharge to the european foundation for the improvement of living and working conditions for the 2000 financial year ( c5-0126 / 2002 - 2001 / 2111 ( dec ) ) ,
mr president , i commend my reports to the house .
the next item is the continuation of the debate on the report by mr wiebenga .
unfortunately , our democracies have been sent a new message of violence in the form of the particularly heinous murder of ernest lluch .
as vice-president of the eu-central asia delegation , i am concerned about the call to increase energy supplies from central asian producers such as kazakhstan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan .
mr president , i would , therefore , like to mention three points :
mr president , the environmental damage which may be caused by the mining and use of lignite in power plants is an issue which is adequately addressed under community legislation .
that is indeed the case , mr wurtz. we have certainly taken account of the statement you have just made .
russia has not ratified the espoo convention on the baltic. russia should be required to do this before construction of the pipeline can begin .
approval of minutes of previous sitting : see minutes
for these reasons , i voted against the mavromatis report .
the rapporteur , mr barzanti , has the floor .
mr president , my good friend and colleague mr deprez has overlooked the fact that today is not a particularly good day for belgium either .
before we move on to the approval of the minutes , there are two points of order .
ladies and gentlemen , the next item on the agenda is the election for vice-presidents of the european parliament .
as questions nos 42 and 43 deal with the same subject , we will now take them together .
thought must be given , moreover , to support for producer organisations , albeit within existing legislative frameworks , in order to ensure greater fairness and to protect those who sustain the sector .
the us can certainly do more to build fair trading conditions. i would hope that we , along with them , can work in conjunction to achieve that .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 9.00 a.m.
. i am unable to reply to that question , as i do not know the answer .
on behalf of the verts / ale group . - ( de ) mr president , i , too , should like to start by thanking the rapporteur , mr takkula .
finally i should mention that the slovenian parliament will ratify the constitutional treaty this month. i am convinced that it will do so by a large majority .
( the president cut off the speaker )
it is unacceptable that in the dary report again a transitional period of ten years is proposed , without putting a definitive ruling first .
i have voted against the report .
we shall now proceed to the vote .
this is an interesting question in my view , and one which i believe has the commission ' s support. we shall therefore study it within the council .
( es ) madam president , i would like to take this opportunity to condemn the degrading and anti-democratic treatment by hugo chávez 's government of those who defend freedom and human rights .
the commission sees the first-generation biofuels as a bridge to the second-generation biofuels using lignocellulosic materials as a feedstock .
to ensure that this adjustment is neutral , from which other budget headings will almost eur 2 billion be deducted ? will this amount be deducted from cohesion ?
finally , let me also express the hope that the examination by the council and by parliament of the next omnibus will also proceed rapidly and smoothly .
beautiful minds generate freshness and creativity ,
as an exception , the commission may take the floor again .
i believe that we must mediate and work as we have never done before to open up this prospect for peace .
however , i regret that the report does not tackle two essential issues more directly .
( the speaker agreed to take a blue card question under rule 149 ( 8 ) )
i understand what you are saying. would the rapporteur like to say something about this ? may i ask the rapporteur to comment ?
the next item is the council and commission statements on the financial supervision package .
the multiannual financial framework 2007-2013 has not been observed from the start , particularly with regard to use of cohesion policy funds .
( the sitting was suspended at 12.55 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
we must likewise take a responsible attitude to our reception process , guaranteeing asylum and refugee status to immigrants , individual treatment of each person , and realistic solutions .
does it intend to take practical measures to pursue such a policy ?
before i close in danish , i just want to thank personally the president of the commission , mr barroso , and my colleagues here in this chamber for showing their solidarity .
ro-ro ferry and high speed passenger craft services
mr le pen uttered similar statements in france which subsequently led to him being fined substantially .
in addition to its global magnitude , the problem with aids is the inequality it reflects .
religious freedom in vietnam- b5-0482 / 2001 by mr belder on behalf of the group for a europe of democracies and diversities ;
( ro ) madam president , early parliamentary elections are taking place in the republic of moldova on sunday. the elections are between the democratic and communist forces .
mrs oomen-ruijten , there will be no discussion on this matter. this item is now closed. you may have the floor , but only if it is on a different matter .
i believe that assisting spouses should have a very clearly defined professional status and social security protection equivalent to that of self-employed workers .
we shall now proceed to the vote .
follow-up to a request for the defence of immunity : see minutes
mr aznar , you have not explicitly mentioned morocco in your speech. include it in your presidency .
secondly , this is an issue which , in my opinion , ought to be resolved at a national level as there are sufficient resources , information and policies at that level .
mrs oomen-ruijten , please ! i heard the commissioner answer the questions of each member , mentioning the names .
the minutes of yesterday ' s sitting have been distributed .
the vote will take place tomorrow .
with this in mind , strict labelling procedures must be introduced to enable genetically engineered products to be monitored effectively .
the eu should become considerably more involved in africa 's development. we cannot stand by as neutral observers while this new chinese domination proceeds .
i hope that mr trichet will not say : ' this could last as long as i do , after me , the deluge ' .
we therefore hope that the commission 's proposal will at least show leadership and imagination and genuinely guarantee that the sector is competitive .
this regulation establishes a common framework for a systematic production of community statistics in public health and health and safety at work .
eu strategy on roma inclusion ( debate )
i support his desire to see research workers included in the proposal and his comments about the importance of involving countries preparing to join the eu .
mr president , all these demands have been put forward by members of the public. it is time to fulfil their expectations .
report ( a5-0169 / 2000 ) by mr radwan on behalf of the committee on economic and monetary affairs , on the 1999 annual report of the european central bank ( c5-0195 / 2000 - 2000 / 2118 ( cos ) )
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
the next item is the report by britta thomsen , on behalf of the committee on industry , research and energy , on a road map for renewable energy in europe .
mr president , we cannot promote or enhance our freedoms or rights unless we are able to defend them. and those rights and freedoms are our greatest heritage .
( parliament adopted the common position thus amended )
furthermore , i believe that underage victims of trafficking must be provided with specialist services within transit centres , including assistance and rehabilitation across all member states .
subject : accessing funding under eu research technology and development programmes
oral questions and written declarations ( tabling ) : see minutes
the joint debate is closed .
finally , the council also focused its attention on matters involving education and technological research , development , and innovation , factors which should be a major part of europe 's competitive advantage .
mr president , the question was : what are the conditions subject to which the visa ban might be lifted ?
1 ) analysis and assessment of employment trends , general policy conditions , assessment of policy options and of the impact of community policies ;
( the sitting was suspended at 12.05 p.m. and resumed at 12.15 p.m. )
thank you , mr rovsing , for looking after my interests so soon. douze points ! we will have that corrected in the minutes. are there any further comments ?
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
naturally , there are other options that could be considered , and this period of reflection exists to enable us to do just that. let us not waste it .
and secondly because it has made the decision-making process even more complex , which runs counter to the legibility and transparency for which the citizens are calling .
mr president , i voted against the fourtou report on intellectual property. in my opinion , the european parliament has made a serious error of ethical judgment when voting on this report today .
secondly , with regard to the enlargement we have just carried out , we must not spare any effort when it comes to the new citizens of the union .
the uk takes very seriously all allegations of violence and racism by public servants. any allegations are rigorously investigated and prosecutions sought .
i declare the session of the european parliament adjourned .
in writing . - i voted in favour of this report as i support iceland 's accession to the eu .
i therefore ask for the adjournment in order that we can conclude this or leave the door open to concluding it , with a first-reading agreement in july .
( the president cut the speaker off )
mr president , i will use my speaking time to express my support for the honourable gentleman and the other speakers .
based on this new strategic concept , while taking into consideration article 5 of the treaty of washington regarding mutual assistance , there are three aspects that i am interested in .
in some quarters , the possibility of a fresh military coup is even mooted , should the situation escalate any further .
in this regard , i am delighted at the clear distinction made between public procurement and concessions , and at the call for a legislative initiative on the latter .
i am looking forward to the discussion .
in summary , political decision-making should be based on the elected representatives having and being presumed to have integrity .
i have received six motions for a resolution which have been submitted in accordance with rule 110 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
subject : erika legislative packages and the 1990 us oil pollution act
we agree , however , with amendment no 22 and we will incorporate it with the appropriate reformulation of article 2 .
you should either love your receiving country or get out. that is the duty which is born of the freedom to come and go .
national chauvinism has been all too often evident in the chocolate debate .
let me conclude by saying that , in my opinion , only a closer and stronger union can save the eurozone .
eta is a criminal group that has no place in europe , because in the european union there is no room for radicalism , totalitarianism or terrorist murders .
democracy building in external relations ( debate )
– madam president , ladies and gentlemen , mr barroso , i am a journalist who has been prevented from continuing to do his job .
. mr president , firstly i would like to thank the members for all their comments and remarks. i will group the interventions into four points .
the next item is the council and commission statements on the world bank .
by demagogically using the words ' democracy ' and ' communication ' , what the report is really trying to do is to call these into question .
madam president , as my dear friend elly will know , i will do anything to make her and my dutch colleagues happy .
that is how i understood it , mr schlyter : i can assure you , i did the same thing and i hope to live to an old age .
i do not want a society ' made in the usa ' for my children , where money is more important than people. i want the opposite .
our ' yes ' vote for the amendments concerning the labelling of the origin does not , of course , mean that we in any way support the common agricultural policy .
24 . 2008 discharge : euratom supply agency
floods in mozambique - b5-0176 / 2001 by mr miranda , mrs boudjenah and mr vinci , on behalf of the gue / ngl group : floods in mozambique ;
subject : local partnership companies in ireland
( the house rose and observed a minute ' s silence )
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting
as we know , the community controls export quantities through a rigid system of licence allocation , which , however , has different effects on different sectors .
( ro ) flood prevention and management require the european union 's river-related issues to be resolved at transnational level , along with huge investments .
we have come to the end of our agenda for today , monday .
thank you , mr marset , we shall take note of this protest and , of course , it will be passed on at once .
i call on you , therefore , to apply the european parliament 's rules of procedure .
( parliament agreed to accept the oral amendment )
we also know that for many of them this causes serious behavioural problems and stunted intelligence which go on to mark them for the whole of their lives .
in this regard i should like to raise two aspects that i consider fundamental .
mr president , i should like to say a few brief words to present the amendments tabled by my group and to ask for the support of the house .
madam president , together with everyone else in this debate , i share deep concern for the peaceful protestors in egypt , particularly in the light of the further violence of today .
in writing . - i voted for this report but must stress my continued support depends on the commission now taking account and securing a number of objectives :
thirdly , the evaluation criteria will be clearly established in the framework programme 7 rules .
i urge you to vote for this report in its entirety and not be tempted to vote in the split vote .
the report still contains a number of elements which the environmental party cannot support :
today , europe 's wildernesses are reduced to a fraction of what they were in the past , so their protection is a priority .
mr president , a question was asked which is of vital importance throughout the european union , and got no answer .
during the european year of people with disabilities 2003 , the commission will promote awareness of web accessibility and training initiatives for website builders and content providers .
( nl ) we have two weeks left until the start of the conference in copenhagen : a crucial opportunity to reach an ambitious climate agreement .
texts of agreements forwarded by the council : see minutes
my group will support the baron crespo report .
i believe that this report clearly stipulates that this regulation can in no way constitute a legal basis to watering down existing safety protection in member states .
no , as i just said , there is no question of sanctions , we must simply continue the dialogue with these countries in the most effective way possible .
the next item is the statements by the commission and the council on the social package ( first part ) .
i hope that those people who have not supported us in this resolution will eventually realise that this is the right direction to take .
this is an opportunity to strengthen the teaching of the languages of european migrant workers .
i was on that plane , mr corrie , and i will indeed take up correspondence . 2b or not 2b : that is the question we need to raise !
mr ribeiro e castro will present the motion .
( it ) mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i too am grateful to the rapporteur for his work , especially as it was completed in such a short space of time .
( the session was suspended at 12.25 p.m. , and resumed at 12.30 p.m. )
in september 2002 , the block exemption from competition rules granted to the motor vehicle industry comes to an end .
on behalf of the gue / ngl group . - ( fr ) mr president , what exactly does the transatlantic economic partnership have in store for us ?
approval of minutes of previous sitting : see minutes
ladies and gentlemen , this applause is indicative of the feeling of this house , and we will now move on to our voting time .
that is why we have voted against this report .
madam president , we are grateful that , for the first time , the council ’ s report mentions parliament ’ s actions in the field of human rights , because this parliament does a lot .
in writing . - ( fr ) once again , parliament , completely hypocritically , has passed a resolution asking the turkish government to show its political will to pursue its reforms .
( sk ) i unequivocally support the initiative to introduce a european day against the death penalty , even if there is not a unanimous decision by the 27 member states .
reducing the ' leveraging ' and ensuring the proper capital adequacy of banks is the guard against behaviour by banks which has brought us to the very edge of financial disaster .
2. avoidance of any conflict of interests ,
madam president , commissioners , we are debating a section of agenda 2000 that has a special bearing on the nature of europe , as it is directly concerned with cohesion .
poor working conditions for people operating photocopiers
climate change is one of the major challenges of the century .
the vote will take place today at 12 noon .
land management and planning must be the responsibility of each member state ;
we also think that the building of housing must be based on recycling , sustainable use of natural resources , environmental and health considerations and energy efficiency .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , here we are meeting to discuss our future statute at a brussels mini-session on a wednesday evening at 9 p.m. with no public present .
madam president , i was present at yesterday 's sitting but forgot to sign the attendance register. would you please correct my mistake ?
( explanation of vote abbreviated in accordance with rule 137 ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure )
the minutes of yesterday 's sitting have been distributed .
( the house rose and observed a minute ' s silence )
yes , this is my message from my country , from a land that was blessed by the heavens and where all the prophets walked and lived in .
. the commission is proposing to amend regulation ( eec ) no 2092 / 91 on organic production of agricultural products and indications referring thereto on agricultural products and foodstuffs .
i commend the rapporteur , mr whitehead , and all involved in producing this excellent report .
i congratulate the rapporteur once again .
the minutes of yesterday 's sitting have been distributed .
this strategy is regarded as a fundamental element in the revitalised lisbon partnership for growth and jobs .
b5-0538 / 2000 , by mr napolitano , on behalf of the committee on constitutional affairs to the council , and
justice can only be a valid principle in the eu if the law , throughout europe , accords full protection to the weakest members of society .
on behalf of the ind / dem group . - madam president , let us be clear : this biomass thing is driven by the alleged global warming effect of man-derived carbon dioxide emissions .
and letters of amendment 1 / 2007 ( sec ( 2006 ) 0762 ) , 2 / 2007 ( 13886 / 2006 - c6-0341 / 2006 ) and 3 / 2007 ( 15636 / 2006 - c6-0443 / 2006 ) to the draft general budget of the european union for 2007
we shall correct that , mr malangré .
the next item is question time ( b5-0085 / 2003 )
has the commission prioritised those countries whose fti plans have already been approved ?
μember of the commission . ( el ) madam president , i am delighted to have an opportunity to reply to this very important question .
- report ( a5-0092 / 2004 ) by regina bastos , on behalf of the committee on women 's rights and equal opportunities , on reconciling professional , family and private lives ;
protection and conservation of the marine environment : marine strategy directive ( debate )
4. injunctions for the protection of consumers ' interests ( codified version ) ( vote )
the vote will be taken at 5.30 p.m.
madam president , first of all let me thank the rapporteur , mr mcmahon , for the sterling work he has put in on this report .
member of the commission . - i will try to be very brief. the answer in this case is probably not needed , but i would like to share your concerns .
at the final vote , however , i voted in favour of the maňka report , amending parliament 's budget for 2010 .
in writing . - on behalf of the eplp. we accept the specificity of sport , however , the english version of recital i is extremely unclear and open to misinterpretation .
ladies and gentlemen , some of what is being called for here is quite simply nonsense , and i will therefore be voting against the report .
since the time allocated to questions to the commission has now expired , questions nos 65 to 109 will be dealt with in writing .
the list of names will appear in today 's minutes .
( pt ) mr president , mrs ludford , i should just like to say the following in response to the various questions asked .
madam president , i am speaking about the presence of commissioner van den broek , whom i would like to thank for coming here and following this debate .
. i should like romania to be in a position to conclude negotiations as soon as possible , with a view to signing the eu accession treaty .
six questions have been put by three members of your assembly. perhaps i may deal with them one by one .
8. discharge 2005 : section viiia , european ombudsman ( vote )
3. defence of the principle of subsidiarity ( vote )
i honestly believe that with you , with your help , which we urgently need , we shall be able to help combat this major problem for the world as a whole .
( the president cut off the speaker )
mr president , today eta still represents the most flagrant violation of human rights within the territory of the european union .
‘ parliament , for its part , should two representatives to the board of directors ’ .
what is the council 's view of the continuity of the cohesion fund post-1999 ?
‘ ’ [ for whom are these serpents which are hissing on your heads ? ]
the first item is the statements by the council and the commission on the programme of activities of the polish presidency of the council .
mr president , we know that road transport accounts for 12 % of co2 emissions , so obviously i support this particular report , which deals very clearly with the issue .
in writing . - ( ro ) the eu is not entitled to allow the georgian scenario to repeat in other conflict regions as well .
i would consequently like to highlight three issues :
the sixth issue is that we must clearly promote as far as possible every type of contact , as is happening at the moment .
( the sitting was closed at 9.10 p.m. )
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
report ( a5-0066 / 2003 ) by mrs concepció ferrer , on behalf of the committee on development and cooperation , on capacity-building in the developing countries [ 2002 / 2157 ( ini ) ]
demography is one of the key challenges for the european union , especially in the context of significant overpopulation in other parts of the world .
the next item is the report by mrs honeyball , on behalf of the committee on culture and education , on options for developing the european schools system ( 2004 / 2237 ( ini ) ) ( a6-0200 / 2005 ) .
( the sitting was opened at 9.05 a.m. )
the measures should adapt community policies to the requirements of these regions , especially in the areas of employment , transport , taxation , social infrastructures , technology and environmental protection .
i have received one motion for a resolution in accordance with rule 108 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure .
second , whistleblowers must not only have their rights vigorously defended , they must be encouraged to come forward .
4 ) the level of public initiative is too low , and there is a general lack of information on development cooperation available to the public throughout the eu .
mr president , the commission fully shares with honourable members their concerns about the continued violence in parts of indonesia .
of course , integrity and accountability alone cannot suffice. i require public servants to respond efficiently and effectively to the economic and social needs of their fellow citizens .
yesterday 's voting list is correct and the names have been corrected. the matter could therefore easily be rectified by using the voting list .
on behalf of the alde group . - madam president , i am substituting for my colleague , ms in ' t veld .
in the minutes of the sitting of 25 april 2002 , i drew attention to instances where my explanations of vote had been shortened .
i have no doubt that this type of major crisis situation requires a rapid response by special intervention units .
the next item is the presentation by the council of the draft general budget for the 2010 financial year .
mr pirker 's office was kind enough to inform you , but it was not kind enough to inform us as well .
on the second question : is the internal market compatible with the scandinavian social model ? there is no doubt about it .
that brings us to the end of the list of speakers .
joint motion for a resolution ( ) on depleted uranium in bosnia and kosovo
can the commission give an update as to the implementation of the floods directive ( 2007 / 60 / ec ) , with special reference to ireland ?
3. eu - russia summit on 18 november 2009 in stockholm ( vote )
membership of committees and delegations : see minutes
i also think that it is very important that the public be given a partisan interest , so that it is covered by this regulatory framework .
firstly , a number of the amendments seek to improve the wording of the commission 's text and can be accepted. i will enumerate them later .
all that will be passed on to the competent bodies .
it has been changed back to tomorrow ?
the cost to farmers from the reduction of the value of the uk beef herd and by-products , along with the extra regulation , is estimated to be gbp 1000 million .
it is already the third time that , following a significant reduction in air traffic , the union has had to use this automatic slot-renewal mechanism .
the vote will take place tomorrow , thursday , at 12 noon .
mr ortuondo larrea has a supplementary question .
in her question , the honourable member touches on certain points on which the council would comment as follows :
point of order ? ( inaudible off-microphone comments and shouts of ' point of order ! ) .
the next item is voting time .
mr president , i wish to give an explanation of vote to explain my extreme concern over the eurostat scandal and the european commission 's failure to take responsibility .
we are pleased to note , therefore , that the industry has been granted far-reaching transitional rules for the achievement of the agreed reduction targets .
as the author is not present , question no 7 lapses .
mr president , the recent euro-african summit in cairo has made poverty one of our central concerns .
i therefore voted in favour of the report on the cars 21 initiative .
the next item is question time to the council ( b4-1218 / 96 )
( es ) madam president , first of all i wish to express my general support for the three reports that we are debating .
i think that as regards our negotiating partner ( which basically is the algerian government ) there are some things we can and should do .
– bastiaan belder , on behalf of the ind / dem group , on vojvodina in serbia and montenegro ( b6-0064 / 2004 ) .
( de ) mr president , unfortunately , today 's vote on parliament 's resolution on turkey is overshadowed by very distressing and worrying events .
( parliament agreed to accept the oral amendment )
( the president declared that there was no opposition to voting on the oral amendments )
the next item is the joint debate on :
obviously transparency is vital if citizens are to recognise themselves in their representatives .
mr president , mr president-in-office of the council , mr president of the commission , i want to address two points : employment policy and the announced intergovernmental conference .
for this reason i urge you , commissioner , to send out a clear signal and show that you have the courage to decide !
for many of us , our final vote will depend on the result of the voting on various amendments , but , in its current wording , we prefer the commission ' s text .
question no 51 by graham watson ( h-0667 / 97 )
it is premature to consider any wholesale lifting of the arms embargo .
in other words the real solution would be to abolish both ordinary and extraordinary set-asides .
14. european network and information security agency (
mrs siimes , what you have just said is very encouraging but it relates to a later matter .
the vote will take place tomorrow , thursday 20 may , at 12.00 .
we call on this house to vote in favour of this report and the amendment proposed by the group of the party of european socialists , which i endorse .
mr president , firstly i would like to congratulate mrs oomen-ruijten , mr swoboda and mr meijer on their very solidly prepared resolutions .
finally , the handling of the crisis between georgia and russia was very positive and made it possible to avoid a chill in relations between russia and the european union .
– mr president , i should just like to ask mr michel whether he can confirm that this matter excludes abortion ?
very well. i am sure the commissioner heard what you had to say .
subject : progress of democratisation in georgia and azerbaijan
that is , in brief , the reasoning behind the amendments in my report , which the committee on budgetary control has approved .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
subject : arrangements for the agrimonetary systems for non-emu states
lastly , this is not just a matter for wipo ; it is an important reason to hold further negotiations in the world trade organization .
i am pleased that this change is bringing real results , since its adoption may significantly assist and directly affect relations between cities and citizens in the enlarged european union .
i wonder , mr president , if you are now in a position to voice your response to this letter i sent you last week .
question no 34 by robin teverson ( h-0779 / 97 )
looking ahead to the implementation of the new system , what progress have the member states made with the introduction of biometric characteristics ?
mr president , mr stubb said that enlargement has been the most successful eu policy , spreading stability , peace and prosperity across our continent .
i am sorry to interrupt you , mr vallvé , but we are still dealing with the approval of the minutes !
and methods of rectifying any errors in the data .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
thank you very much , mr fischler , for your presence and your replies .
i am sure the entire house would share your sentiments and indeed the applause that has just been expressed for the life of george best .
( ro ) the implementation of an integrated strategy on the development of sustainable transport must be an absolute priority , both for the commission and for the member states .
the minutes of the sitting of thursday , 26 february 2004 have been distributed. are there any comments ?
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , first of all , i will begin with a few positive facts. i apologise for appearing positive every now and then .
report ( a5-0283 / 2001 ) by mr jan andersson on behalf of the committee on employment and social affairs on harassment at the work place
as fewer than 40 members have raised the matter , we shall proceed to the vote .
in any event i would like to conclude , mr president-in-office , by wishing you success. i hope the summit will not once again result in a beautiful poem .
congratulations to all the vice-presidents : i hope we will work well together in the bureau of this house .
( pl ) madam president , i was referring to the statement of the respected fellow member of the group of the greens / european free alliance who spoke before me .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
the next item is a joint discussion on :
and the council and commission statements - ec-bosnia and herzegovina stabilisation and association agreement .
therefore , the commission sees value in upholding the main characteristics of the forum , notably the participation of the various stakeholders and its non-binding nature .
collective redress , meanwhile , deserves the closest attention and my support , given the positive experience recorded in various member states .
i will go further in the written answer which i have promised in order to set things out more objectively and precisely .
b5-0594 / 2002 by mr sjöstedt and others , on behalf of the gue / ngl group , on sudan ;
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i should like to say as an introduction that years come and go but certain elements of conflict remain .
the most important positive proposals in the report are as follows :
i would emphasise that i am in favour of giving rights to third-country nationals when they accept work in another eu country .
i also think it is important to recognise informal learning acquired by workers , in order to enable them to change jobs more easily .
the vote will take place on wednesday , 18 november .
how can we determine if future proposals for labelling and monitoring are adequate when we do not , as yet , know exactly what they are to be ?
thank you , mrs green. your remarks are authoritative ; of course they have nothing to do with the minutes , but we have taken note of what you say .
paradoxically , the left intends to discriminate in this way. in fact , it is me being discriminated against simply because i sincerely believe in god .
statement by the commission on draft permit decisions and on draft decisions of transfer pursuant to articles 10 ( 1 ) and 18 ( 2 ) of the directive
what does the commission intend to do to ensure that meat preparations are subject , as soon as possible , to compulsory salmonella testing before being exported to sweden ?
for ensuring stability in the black sea region , three key principles should guide the eu action .
not surprisingly , the commission 's fmd proposal has prompted vigorous debate amongst all interested parties .
philosophy and history teach us that any compromise of the respect for the human being leads inescapably to its negation .
the vote on the gutiérrez-cortines report will take place on wednesday at 12 noon and the vote on the prodi report on tuesday at 11.30 a.m.
- the extension of sis ii to encompass new areas and functions , allowing undefined users – possibly even private operators ;
the joint debate is closed .
i will enthusiastically vote for the filippi report .
transport , all infrastructures and other strategic sectors of the economy must be popular property and must operate for the benefit of the working and grassroots classes .
( b5-0133 / 2002 ) by baroness nicholson of winterbourne , on behalf of the group of the european , liberal , democrat and reform party , on tunisia ;
since the motion of censure was originally devised , the responsible commissioner pedro solbes has resigned and returned to spanish politics .
i wholeheartedly support the commission 's proposal , as amended by this report , the objectives of which , bolstered by the amendments introduced , are as follows :
i should like to thank the rapporteur , mrs redondo jiménez , for her excellent work and , in particular , for her cooperation with the council and the commission on this dossier .
i declare the session of the european parliament adjourned and wish you a pleasant weekend .
24. appointment of a member of the court of auditors ( harald noack ) ( vote )
the minutes of friday , 20 february 1998 have been distributed .
the vote will take place at 5 p.m.
( the president cut off the speaker )
the vote will take place on wednesday at 12.30 p.m.
mr president , i confirm that this concerns a report from the committee on legal affairs and citizens ' rights .
i therefore believe that we have agreed to move paragraph 47 , and we now need a two-part roll-call vote on paragraph 47 itself .
institutional theology is not the priority of the citizens of europe. what we need , of course , is the lisbon agenda , not the lisbon treaty .
mr söderman , the european ombudsman , has the floor .
the report does not put forward the tiniest objection to the above measures , which is why we meps of the communist party of greece voted against it .
3. statistics on plant protection products (
13. convention on the conservation and management of high seas fishery resources in the south pacific ocean (
mrs gonzález álvarez , conciliation processes vary in difficulty , i can assure you. i am glad that this one has gone smoothly .
if there are no objections , the resolutions adopted at today 's session will be handed over to the recipients and bodies named in them immediately .
i would ask you all to rise for a minute 's silence in memory of those who have lost their lives .
for this reason we will not be supporting this report .
i have received six motions for resolutions pursuant to rule 37 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure
17 . 2007 discharge : economic and social committee (
white paper on nutrition , overweight and obesity-related health issues ( debate )
mr president , commissioner , i wonder if people need reminding that this is a sine qua non for authorizing the discharge of the 1996 budget .
that is the purpose of the first franco-dutch meetings on drugs now taking place in lille , with the participation of our belgian neighbours .
the next item is the commission statement on world hunger and the elimination of barriers to trade with the poorest countries .
i wish you the wisdom of väinämöinen. i hope that for the people ’ s lasting pleasure you compose mighty songs for europe ’ s children .
the minutes of yesterday 's sitting have been distributed .
with the reform treaty , europe will have the conditions and instruments to shape globalisation and not to hide from globalisation. we should not miss this opportunity .
it will be duly corrected , mrs laguiller .
we need security of supply and not just in the energy sector .
i put to the vote the request for referral back to committee .
( the president cut off the speaker )
i would like to end by congratulating mr izquierdo collado on his report .
the report calls on the commission to place special emphasis on combating violence against women with disabilities , under the daphne programme and to introduce measures to remedy …
finally , i hope that the amendments concerning lighting equipment can also be adopted .
fourthly , the commitment to follow emergency actions with the essential reconstruction actions , in agreement with the main protagonists ; the countries affected .
question no 18 by esko seppänen , which has been taken over by mrs eriksson ( h-0256 / 99 )
com in beef and veal market
i shall , of course , keep parliament and the council closely informed of developments on this important issue .
regulation of trading in financial instruments - ' dark pools ' , etc . ( short presentation )
that is the information that i have for parliament and i shall obviously be very interested in the speeches that follow .
mr sakellariou and mrs carrilho , on behalf of the pse group , on the situation in india ( b5-0304 / 2002 ) ;
this can be prevented if a european social model is drawn up and if results are achieved in all these concrete areas .
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see minutes
the vote will take place at 11 a.m.
( the sitting was suspended at 11.05 a.m. for the votes to be counted and resumed at 12 noon )
so we very much rely on national efforts. however , the commission does intend to improve its tools for monitoring the functioning of the internal market from a consumer perspective .
that reduction will only encourage producers to increase their productivity , either through intensification or by expanding their farms .
mr president , my compliments to the rapporteur for his in-depth report .
– finally , we shall hear from ' cardinal ' cohn-bendit !
i therefore put the motion to the vote .
for your information for next time , we have only one minute for the explanations of vote .
as we do not yet know the outcome of the convention or of the treaty amendment resulting from it , any decision on enlargement is basically premature .
4 ) technical and scientific schemes required to develop common indicators , to improve and coordinate statistics , to rate performance and exchange information according to best practices .
- ( fr ) i was one of those who had called for a committee of inquiry. for the sake of efficiency , i then endorsed the idea of a temporary committee .
overall we welcome the changes made by parliament on this particular report and hope that it is not too late for the council to take account of them .
the next item is the joint debate on four oral questions to the commission on the british nuclear submarine at gibraltar .
does anyone want to speak against the proposal ? i do not see anyone who wants to speak against. we shall therefore proceed to the vote .
in order to ensure that we do not move straight on to another debate , i propose a minute 's silence in memory of the victims .
we should therefore support the wording proposed by the european commission .
( the speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under rule 149 ( 8 ) of the rules of procedure )
[ com ( 2000 ) 751 - c5-0638 / 2000 - 2000 / 0297 ( cod ) ]
i would like to say that the fact that a regime makes mistakes and violates human rights should not mean that its citizens are punished .
your question is now clearer : whether the money is arriving and whether the embargo can be lifted. the president-in-office of the council has the floor .
the proceeds from fees should , most importantly , be used for clearing up in accordance with the ' polluter pays ' principle .
we must fulfil the desire expressed in tampere and laeken to make the principle of the mutual recognition of judgments in criminal matters effective .
we are now taking the first step by using the old technique and the new adb technique in parallel , something which constitutes major progress .
( the sitting was suspended at 5.55 p.m. and resumed at 6.30 p.m. )
the vote will take place at 5.30 p.m.
finally , there are grounds associated with land use and with town and country planning .
the minutes of yesterday ' s sitting have been distributed .
commissioner patten , thank you and congratulations on your speech .
i should like to welcome mr kinnock and ask him to reply to mr evans 's question .
( the sitting was suspended at 1.29 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
question no 3 by roy perry , which has been taken over by mrs de esteban martín ( h-0838 / 98 )
the group of independents for a europe of nations , with the majority of the house , rejected the cox report .
2. indonesia , including attacks on minorities (
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
i declare this session of the european parliament adjourned .
since both institutions share the same objective ( strengthening the protection of fundamental rights ) , it is essential to ensure that they collaborate closely .
debates on cases of breaches of human rights , democracy and the rule of law
in writing . - ( fr ) i was anxious to endorse the following amendments .
however , there is no guarantee that the chocolate industry will use shea nut oil which , in any case , can only replace 50 % of the cocoa butter .
( the president asked the speaker to read out the whole text of the amendment )
in conclusion , i would like to say that i endorse mr musotto 's excellent proposal to designate 2010 as the european year of islands .
the next item is the council and commission statements on transatlantic relations .
on a positive note , the commission now recognises turkey as a functioning market economy , as long as stabilisation and reform measures are firmly maintained .
the next item is the commission communication on guidelines for the trans-european transport network .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the reservations expressed by the rapporteur , mr alvaro , were explained and discussed in detail by both of the committees to which this matter was referred .
full liberalization of the postal service market , including deliveries weighing less than 50 grams , will allow increased competition , the emergence of new operators and the creation of new jobs .
inaugural address by the president of the european parliament
mr president , the reason we are discussing these proposals from the commission is that the previous regulation lapsed in 2010 .
( de ) madam president , i should like first to apologise on behalf of my colleague , mr sturdy , who has been delayed and cannot be here for the plenary session .
a new statute for members must aim at fairness , transparency and efficiency .
madam president , how can one bring democracy to a nation ? well , by relying on and strengthening its civil society , by combating poverty and exclusion , and by liberating its women .
the challenges linked to developing the single market for rail transport warrant an in-depth analysis. today 's debate is therefore very welcome .
thank you for your question , because it gives me the opportunity to explain myself. i did not have this opportunity in the time that was allocated to me .
the vote will take place on thursday at 11 a.m.
economic and monetary union thus faces far too many unsolved problems and risks becoming a political owngoal , far removed from the real world and economic realities .
member of the commission . - mr president , thank you for the very substantive and responsible debate facilitated by the excellent report by ms berès .
this house has also played its part in setting priorities , three of which are mentioned in our resolution , namely population change , energy policy and innovation .
( de ) mr president , as i was addressed personally , i would actually like to respond for a minute under the catch-the-eye procedure. is that alright ?
is there a speaker from the ppe group in favour of this request ?
i can advise the honourable member that there is a hearing on that tomorrow .
- it is astonishing that the commission did not accept parliaments ' amendments at first reading .
energy for the future ( renewable sources of energy )
secondly , it has a will which is reflected in budgetary terms , which will allow the european union to go to madrid with respectable sums within the 2002 budget .
madam president , in order to be correct , i think we have to vote on recital k now .
excuse me , mr president , i am interrupting my speech because i have noticed that the commissioner has no headphones and i know the commissioner does not speak portuguese .
we have also concluded the debate within its allocated time , so there is good news all round .
who would like to speak in favour ? who will come forward to speak in favour ?
i am looking forward , together with michel barnier , to finding the right balance in the council as well to the benefit to the health of our young people .
( pl ) mr president , europe is not only an agreement among elites. it is not only the european institutions. europe is above all a matter of trust .
b5-0802 / 2001 by thomas mann , banotti , maij-weggen , de sarnez , avilés perea , kratsa-tsagaropoulou and tannock , on behalf of the ppe-de group ,
governments , the council and the eu commission are called upon to provide for efficiency both for environmental protection and for the economy and growth .
subject : combating youth and long-term unemployment in europe
mr president , venezuela is currently suffering a crisis which is leading to a social polarisation with unpredictable consequences , and has cost the lives of a number of people .
the next item is the council and commission statements on the eu-russia summit on 18 november 2009 in stockholm .
the eplp has voted for the motion for resolution on the free movement of persons , but with an important reservation .
before the vote on paragraph 31 :
in writing . - ( pl ) i have decided to vote against mr andersson 's report on the challenges posed to collective agreements in the european union .
i hope my other colleagues will pick up the last few remaining points i wanted to make .
( speech cut short pursuant to rule 137 of the rules of procedure )
ii. on the council position on a draft council regulation laying down measures necessary for the protection of the euro against counterfeiting [ 6281 / 2001 - c5-0084 / 2001 - 2000 / 0208 ( cns ) ]
although it states its support for multilateralism in international trade negotiations , this report has the intellectual honesty to admit that globalisation , in its current state , has some serious shortcomings .
the council and parliament must also fulfil their respective responsibilities and face up to the challenges confronting us .
that is the common interest we all share .
if europe does not succeed in this , i predict that my country , the netherlands - and also germany - will leave the euro area .
it is not minor reforms that we need , but a different europe , an economic and social europe for the benefit of the majority , not just of a few .
mr president , i would like to compliment mrs maij-weggen on her excellent report , and thank her for the pleasant cooperation we have had .
i will just repeat what he said so that the interpreter can say it : ' one people , one empire , one leader ' . that was what this man said .
secondly , do you envisage any circumstances in which domestic courts might lose their jurisdiction in tax matters if whatever decision they take impacts on yields in another member state ?
the vote will take place tomorrow ( wednesday , 7 july 2010 ) .
referendum on the future status of southern sudan ( debate )
the vote will take place at 11.30 a.m.
you may not speak , pursuant to rule 90 .
in my view the european union 's charter of fundamental rights ought to be adopted without reservation , and also by my own country , poland .
( a5-0427 / 2001 ) by mr colom i naval , on financial programming 2002-2006 ;
i wish to express total dissatisfaction with the reply of the commission. that is all .
- ( de ) then we are moving that another recital be added , as follows :
the next item is the report by seán ó neachtain , on behalf of the committee on fisheries , on more environmentally friendly fishing methods ( 2004 / 2199 ( ini ) ) ( a6-0019 / 2006 ) .
for all the reasons i have outlined , i can have no truck whatsoever with the proposal to reject the common position that is made in amendment no 7 .
11. mass atrocities in jos , nigeria , in january and march (
my fear is that all the talk of better regulation is coded language for ' more of the same ' . we do not need better regulation , we need less regulation .
the next item is the order of business. the conference of presidents has proposed a number of changes .
i consider the rapporteur 's proposal to be realistic and entirely feasible , which is why it could have great significance for environmental policy .
( the president cut off the speaker )
this chapter contains a section on minorities and minority protection in candidate and potential candidate countries , including the western balkan countries .
have there been any preliminary discussions in the council on who is going to be the president of the eu council once the treaty of lisbon is ratified ?
1. mobilisation of the eu solidarity fund : ireland - floods in november 2009 (
these are ethical questions that deserve to be asked on behalf of a production and consumption model that it is our duty to preserve .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
5. european fisheries sector crisis due to rise in oil prices ( vote )
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
that concludes questions to the council .
a separate agreement on fishing will be signed , as well as an agreement on wines and spirits .
composition of committees and delegations : see minutes
it is becoming clear that the point of order relates to the application of rule 162 on secret ballots , in accordance with the request made .
( explanation of vote shortened pursuant to rule 137 ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure )
i should like to welcome mr pinheiro and ask him to reply to mrs malone 's question .
24. gender mainstreaming in the work of committees and delegations (
as the time allotted to questions to the council has run out , question nos 17 to 46 will be replied to in writing .
4. cooperation between committees ( amendment of rule 47 ) ( vote )
pursuant to rule 108 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure , i have received a motion for a resolution ( 1 ) at the end of the debate .
i think that we are departing from the agenda. at this point , we are due to proceed to the vote on the urgent resolutions .
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
– with greater certainty ( counting with greater certainty on a 2007 start , and planning on full operation )
mr president , i should like to congratulate the rapporteur for his work .
mr president , i wish to address two points - first the political dimension and , secondly , the issue of cost-effectiveness and control by parliament .
madam president , pending the arrival of news which we have not received , please would you forward my observations in the form of recommendations , at least , and , perhaps , concerns .
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting
i have two brief questions. firstly , the strasbourg-kehl-appenweier and the munich-mühldorf-salzburg cross-border projects are also highly complex. is there any news on these ?
- before the vote on amendment 1 :
in this resolution , parliament is assuming its responsibilities. having said that , in my opinion , the resolution adopted today is the absolute minimum , the very least we could do .
the minutes of yesterday 's sitting have been distributed .
simpler legislation for the internal market ( slim )
ukraine is an important eu trade partner. we support its accession to the wto and the negotiations for a free-trade area with the union .
( pl ) the green paper and the debate on trade policy instruments are extremely important to our economy and could bring us considerable added value .
strasbourg is also the seat of the european ombudsman , who expresses our vision of a citizens ' europe , a europe of human rights .
i shall put to the vote the question concerning the motion for a resolution .
i therefore hope that many members will make contact with the iranian authorities to make clear their views on these tragic cases .
there is a separate vote on that amendment. this is voting time , not a debate !
madam president , i want to speak on the item ' statute and financing of european political parties ' .
in writing . - i welcome this report which :
– anne elisabet jensen , on behalf of the eldr group , on respect for basic working standards in the production of sport products for the olympic games ( b5-0200 / 2004 ) ;
( more than 32 members rose in support of this request ) ( the president established that there was no quorum )
meanwhile , let us give solid support to the proposal and send a solution , rather than a problem , to the igc .
it is clear that this policy goes hand in hand with the recent decisions taken by the council to prohibit all access to documents concerning defence and security policies .
( fr ) mr president , globalisation gone mad and its mad exponents are making european automotive workers pay a high price for the consequences of their fundamentalist open-market and free-trade order .
thank you for that statement , mr trakatellis. i should have liked the commission to hear it , but it will no doubt be read with great attention .
respect for human rights in the european union in 1994
mr schwab , it is of course particularly appropriate to quote montesquieu in this case .
i wish to thank all those who have raised issues concerning the lisbon strategy and assure them that the commission will take due note of all these issues .
the next item is the vote .
mr president , i have only one question : how much of a saving does the new system represent for the economy of europe ?
the vote will take place on tuesday , 18 january 2011 .
finally , i would like to congratulate mrs klaß on a very well-compiled report .
do you wish to pose your supplementary question mrs doyle ?
3. draft general budget 2009 ( sections i , ii , iv , v , vi , vii , viii and ix ) (
i give the floor to mrs pailler .
mr mcmillan-scott , the reason that there is no resolution tabled is because the conference of presidents believed that there are no grounds for one .
thank you , mrs terrón i cusí .
my third point is that we want air safety services to be cautiously opened up to the market .
moreover , there are serious faults in the cohesion fund : in particular , its efficiency is questionable and there are financial irregularities in the way that funds are used .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
although i do not always agree with her , i should like to congratulate mrs hautala on this report and the work she has done .
the process is not yet over. we call upon the council of ministers to improve the proposal in the following ways :
the moderate delegation has today voted against setting up a european register of criminal sentences. for the same reason , we have voted against the report as a whole .
secondly , it is essential to expand the implementation of such norms to third country companies activating in the field of energy in the european union .
if i have properly understood , your question refers to the importance we attach to the issue of structural deficits and to better control of public spending .
introducing effective , proportionate and dissuasive sanctions
12. ec-guinea-bissau fisheries partnership agreement (
question no 5 by patricia mckenna ( h-0361 / 03 ) :
there is a great deal of confusion among the rank and file .
implementing measures ( rule 88 ) : see minutes
i hope the necessary guarantees will be made in these areas when the agreements are signed at the european union-united states summit on 25 june .
as the author is not present , question no 16 lapses .
finally , the commission is ready to present to the european council a roadmap setting out the path to a modern europe capable of delivering economic prosperity and social justice .
mr president , i can assure you that i still have just as much punch !
( the president cut off the speaker )
in my view the eventual enp aim to the east must be visa-free travel .
question no 1 by richard corbett ( h-0115 / 99 )
the more people are involved in european cooperation , the better. do not imagine , however , that legitimacy in itself creates democracy. rather , it is democracy which creates legitimacy .
5. modification of concessions in the schedules of bulgaria and romania in the course of their accession to the european union ( eu-argentina agreement ) (
report ( a5-0301 / 2000 ) by mrs smet , on behalf of the committee on women ' s rights and equal opportunities , on regulating domestic help in the informal sector [ 2000 / 2021 ( ini ) ] ( parliament adopted the resolution )
accomplishment of the internal market in community postal services ( debate )
on amendment 378 concerning the preparatory action to support civil society in the new member states , there should be a ' pm ' entry instead of ' zero ' .
the rapporteur accepted a large number of amendments , which led to this less unbalanced version .
in this context , allow me , mr president , to strongly assert that the european union only recognises one government , that of the republic of cyprus , naturally .
2. on the jrc annual report 2001 [ com ( 2002 ) 306 - c5-0507 / 2002 - 2002 / 2146 ( cos ) ]
this is a consequence of having three separate places of work. i suggest you write to the president raising this matter .
the next item is the joint debate on :
presentation of the programme of the spanish presidency ( debate )
this is a good result. i should like , in particular , to thank mrs poli bortone for her successful work .
. air transport is the most commonly used method of long distance travel , yet the emissions from aviation run counter to the global objective of reducing emissions .
the council intended to finance part of this reconstruction aid by sacrificing programmes already established by the european union .
now we are confronted with a total number of 136 amendments : 100 on the proposal on electronic waste and 36 on the proposal on hazardous substances .
( the president cut off the speaker )
i voted in favour for these reasons .
we shall proceed to vote on the ppe-de group ' s request that the oral question regarding the capital tax be withdrawn from the agenda .
( it ) mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the rise in life expectancy linked to ageing is an extraordinary social achievement .
we welcome this week 's action plan for the structural funds , but this needs to be underpinned with credibility , both for parliament and for the discharge of the commission .
[ com ( 2001 ) 1 - c5-0007 / 2001 - 2001 / 0005 ( cod ) ]
those have been my comments. my two questions are as follows :
i am pleased to have an opportunity to say a few words about it .
first , it rightly keeps the proportion of biofuels at 10 % , because if we have a problem in europe it is the problem of security of supply .
human rights , racism , xenophobia and antisemitism ( continuation )
conventional energy sources and energy technology ( debate )
my group cannot support the two elements which mrs schroedter has added to the alternative resolution , and which the committee had rejected in a vote .
14. mobilisation of the european globalisation adjustment fund ( lithuania and spain ) (
implementing measures ( rule 88 ) : see minutes
the next item is voting time .
i now hope that this important step towards harmonising social legislation for the transport sector will serve as a lesson for other sectors to follow .
our aim must again be to protect the environment and public health and european consumers .
the next item is voting time .
member of the commission . - mr president , i will be very brief today , because the commission has very little competence in this matter .
the next item is the vote on the motion for a resolution ( b4-0028 / 97 ) on the number and membership of parliamentary committees .
let us at least do it now , and let us learn from it some hard lessons for the future .
( the speaker agreed to take a blue card question under rule 149 ( 8 ) )
regarding research , the commission also has an important role in coordinating member state research into the disease and ensuring the optimum results from such research .
the comments you made , mr verheugen , provoked amazement , irritation and also anger amongst the socialist group .
it is also positive that attention is paid to the temporary and illegal nature of jobs taken by immigrants , which is something which affects women in particular .
( the sitting was closed at 10.20 p.m. )
subject : local and regional territorial pacts for employment
the vote will take place today at 12 noon .
in any case , funding generated by the invading forces in iraq is unacceptable , so long as this illegal occupation is maintained by the anglo-american forces .
5. there is no ban on company donations in support of a european citizens ' initiative and they have no upper limit .
the essential role of roads must be respected and valued , the railways must be liberalised , short- and medium-distance cabotage must be strengthened , etc .
. mr president , first of all i apologise for being a few minutes late .
mr president , of course this contradicts the vote we have just held and this contradiction must be removed from the paragraph .
there are two problems that concern me in connection with the blue card .
in writing . - i welcome this report , which integrates croatia into the fight against drugs in the eu .
what are the current requirements concerning the importation of brazilian beef to the eu ?
mr kerr , do you wish to make a personal statement ?
this accident is perhaps the worst of its kind in europe since 1921 , when an explosion at the basf company in germany claimed the lives of 561 citizens .
i should like to think that tomorrow we shall be bold in moving towards more climate protection , and i hope that tomorrow we shall set it in motion .
european farmers are operating under strict health and safety criteria. they adhere to all standards set for them and they guarantee high-quality , safe produce for consumers .
we regret the fact that some important proposals that we tabled with a view to protecting this eu production sector were rejected by parliament .
( pt ) mr president , when considering the establishment of a euro-mediterranean free trade area , we should remember to bear two things in mind .
as the following questions deal with the same subject , they will be taken together .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
mr rogalski has the floor on a point of order .
mr president , as a rights holder in this sector , i will not be taking part in the vote .
what can i say about your personal qualities and your already long record in the quest for european integration ?
thank you mr crowley , and thanks too for not insisting on a supplementary .
( the sitting was closed at 23.25 )
since the time allocated to questions to the commission has elapsed , questions nos 53 to 107 will be replied to in writing .
we hope that all this is realised and in the near future too , even more so in an enlarged europe of 25 .
standardisation will therefore continue. i am pleased that we have made a start here , sending out a clear signal in favour of intermodal transport .
we started to deal with the list at 15.00. if any other members would like to add their names , please keep to one minute .
ladies and gentlemen , please , we have a very full agenda and a complicated voting time ahead of us , and we must not waste any time !
i am grateful to mrs durant , who has given us our tasks for the weekend , which we will certainly carry out with great attention and great care .
( ro ) the european common asylum system is currently fraught with a lack of consistency with the legal instruments for international protection .
member of the commission . - so , three additional questions .
– b5-0025 / 2004 by mrs flesch , on behalf of group of the european liberal , democrat and reform party , on the situation in haiti ;
delightful because of the amount : eur 100 billion. this is the highest budget we have seen since 1958 .
the president of the dallas branch of the federal reserve bank , richard fisher , has said :
we are increasingly committed to the goals of better lawmaking , that is , ' better regulation ' . we must reduce all unnecessary administrative burdens , especially for small and medium-sized enterprises .
during the last decade , international cooperation on counterterrorism has been made more difficult because of human rights concerns , including in the practices of the us administration .
the vote will take place on thursday .
i believe that the people of zimbabwe , who cry out for peace and law and order , progress and a decent life , deserve a better deal .
two simple questions , and i hope to receive two simple answers .
the next item is voting time .
author . - ( es ) mr president , i should like to emphasise some of the aspects already mentioned in relation to the situation in the democratic republic of congo .
the aim of the proposed legislation is , indeed , to pave the way for better health care across europe .
the president of the commission has given fulsome answers on wikileaks. can i ask him about something on which his views have not yet been leaked by wikileaks ?
mr hernández mollar has the floor .
therefore , what is needed is full compliance with the npt and the elimination of all nuclear weapons .
i would like to finish , mr president , by saying that the only concern we have about the commission 's proposal is regarding what will happen after 2010 .
i abstained from the vote on the republic of poland , as this country is currently playing an active part in a war that is contrary to international law .
we will monitor this issue extremely closely , given the potential negative implications which the proposal that emerges in 2013 could have .
question no 14 by mark watts ( h-0022 / 98 )
we must combat the wastage of skills that is being seen repeatedly among migrant workers. these workers , notably women , often end up in jobs for which they are over-qualified .
thank you , mr medina ortega. we shall check all this and correct the minutes , if necessary .
lastly , in future , we need to incorporate protein crops into the crop rotation cycle as part of our prudent and responsible soil use management .
does the commission have any information on this or does it wish to comment on the issue , or was the dispute with greece merely procedural ?
mr president , as our knowledge of biotechnology grows , so the extent of the difficulties increases too .
( the sitting was suspended at 11.55 a.m. and resumed at 12.25 p.m. )
3 ) no europe-wide lists. the distance from the voters would be too great .
the vote will take place tomorrow , tuesday , at noon .
( the sitting was closed at 11.30 p.m. )
the vote will take place on wednesday .
( the president cut off the speaker . )
behind these nine words are 65 pages of an ' agreement ' which , among many other negative aspects , is ruled by the euphemistically termed ' principles of free market economy ' .
we would never have thought otherwise. it was a mistake on the part of the services .
. commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the following priorities have been put forward in the estimates of income and expenditure in the european parliament ’ s budget for 2006 .
report ( a5-0191 / 2001 ) by mrs dybkjær , on behalf of the committee on development and cooperation , on information and communication technologies ( ict ) and the developing countries ( 2000 / 2327 ( ini )
in conclusion , we hope to achieve a balanced approach which takes account both of the completion of the internal market and also of cultural differences .
your highness , we are extremely interested to hear what you have to say to us this morning .
amendments 4 , 5 , 7 , 13 , 16 , 18 , 19 , 24 , 37 , 38 , 39 , 40 , 41 , 45 , 46 ( on the recitals )
funding for the programme is substantially increased ,
we shall now proceed to the vote .
ladies and gentlemen , at this late hour , there are bound to be some problems of comprehension .
judicial record information is one of the topics covered by the european judicial network which promotes justice in the member states ;
i suggest that if some members focused less on carpets and beethoven and more on carrying out parliament 's real work , we would not have to ask for voters ' trust .
it is also necessary to increase eu funding in research in the fisheries sector and to create the material and human conditions required to improve scientific advice .
( de ) mr president , commissioner , as a signatory to the present question i would like to return to a specific issue , namely that of food safety .
mr wojciechowski 's report speaks of these problems and , for this reason , i voted in favour .
please , mrs thors , i believe you are trying to reopen the debate .
on a multilateral level , the commission will pursue its efforts to establish a level international playing field for the shipbuilding industry within the oecd .
in the assessment of information on the medication recommended in the event of a health emergency , especially in pandemic situations ;
the report by mr domenici on promoting good governance in tax matters ,
the other main way of controlling consumer behaviour is taxation. we should tax the life out of tobacco consumption .
future commissioners will have to abstain from standing in political elections during their term of office. i hope , though , that they will remain faithful to their political convictions .
. this report is of special importance to the area of youth .
( the sitting was suspended at 11.27 p.m. )
( the president cut off the speaker )
i suggest , therefore , that it is not simply a domestic issue , there is also a european dimension to it as well .
it is this hope that the major powers are destroying , and they are destroying it through their lack of courage and their lack of loyalty to their own values .
the president of the commission , mr santer , will now speak .
fifthly , all the member states must diversify and come up with proposals on the basis of which a single european project can come into being .
i hope that this parliament will approve this agreement by a large majority , since it is very fair and very correct from the point of view of international law .
mr president , mrs malmström , mr barroso , before i look at the institutional issues , i would like to make a brief remark about copenhagen .
it is necessary to reform the sugar market in order bring it in line with cap reform .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 10 a.m.
in my view this applies even more to the regulation on forest fires .
the next item is the debate on
as the author is not present , question no 47 lapses .
part of the money is to be used in particular to improve legal assistance and advice for victims and their families .
that is not a point of order .
the vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.
( explanation of vote shortened pursuant to rule 137 of the rules of procedure )
- in the knowledge that this house has largely removed the teeth from what was put before it by the council and the commission , and
we shall now proceed to the vote .
the areas covered are access to employment and occupation , vocational training , promotion , employment conditions and membership of certain bodies .
we have identified the problem ; we have the financial resources to highlight it ; so let us go forward and meet this challenge now .
the next item is the joint debate on the oral questions ( b5-0019 / 02 ) and ( b5-0020 / 02 ) to the commission , on the situation in the european shipbuilding sector .
this could only lead to disaster and , once again , it is a disaster that we are witnessing .
we shall now proceed to the vote .
the member states must at last become aware of their need to set an example , specifically as regards the transposition and ratification of eu acts .
i am confident that the action taken by this house on this matter will lead to improved living conditions. this is not charity. it is our duty .
. mr president , the work that is being undertaken on this issue , by the commissioners involved , is ongoing , as i indicated earlier .
may i in conclusion congratulate the rapporteur on his report which was adopted unanimously in the committee on transport and tourism ?
well , that is for the subsequent speakers to decide .
( parliament decided to refer the matter back to committee )
the european commission should hang their heads in shame and should withdraw this proposal immediately .
the grand gesture of sacking the entire commission will not achieve these objectives .
very well , mrs lindholm. i put to the vote the proposal to withdraw from the agenda the report which is not available in all language versions .
question no 46 by lennart sacrédeus ( h-0902 / 02 ) :
chris patten said the danger in the balkans is that they pretend to reform and the eu pretends to believe them .
thirdly , some amendments , such as amendment 77 concerning article 12 , eliminate the provisions concerning the information on soil contamination to be provided for certain land transactions .
( the president cut off the speaker )
mr president , i will try to respond to the concerns expressed by mr coelho in his report .
is there a speaker in favour ?
consumer choice will be exercised regardless of what the eu does , and that is only fair .
we note what you say , but we have been doing it that way in the european parliament for years .
( the president cut off the speaker )
international agreement on humane trapping standards
as long as we do not have a constitutional treaty providing fundamental rights at eu level , we cannot have a common european criminal law either .
i thank the rapporteur in his absence .
b5-0642 / 2002 by mr andreasen , mrs plooij-van gorsel and mr van den bos on behalf of the group of the european liberal , democrat and reform party on tibet ,
action taken on parliament 's positions and resolutions : see minutes
since the treaty came into force , the council has worked to develop agreed approaches to the major challenges confronting the union and the procedures necessary for their implementation .
we have to respect other parliaments .
this proposal could be supported on condition that it is the social partners who themselves draw up the negotiating rules and principles at european level within this framework .
mr president , tomorrow ' s vote means that finally , the commission presided over by professor prodi can get down to work .
the next item is the debate on the following six motions for resolutions on human rights in guatemala :
written declarations ( rule 142 of the rules of procedure )
mr novo will now speak in support of the request .
. – mr alavanos , what you have just said is absolutely right .
the vote will be taken tomorrow at 11.30 a.m.
i should like to inform you that i have received six motions for resolutions under rule 37 paragraph 2 of the rules of procedure .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i would like to begin with the first report by mr von boetticher on judicial cooperation in civil matters .
could the bureau perhaps introduce a rule on this , so that this debate may be conducted flexibly , and the time available used to the full ?
we look forward to hearing the pipes at the next burns ' supper .
i have received seven motions for resolutions , pursuant to rule 37 ( 2 ) .
the european parliament 's report also rightly stresses the importance of eliminating violence against women. the commission will work towards this goal with purpose and with great determination .
- support for energy agencies at the various intervention levels ;
european emergency call number 112 ( written declaration ) : see minutes
in writing . - ( pt ) the aim of this report is to ' polish up ' the european strategy for preserving cod stocks .
b5-0424 / 2002 , by mr belder , on behalf of the edd group , on freedom of press in belarus ;
thank you very much , commissioner schreyer .
graefe zu baringdorf second report ( a4-0231 / 99 )
– radically reducing hunger and severe poverty ,
i would like to thank the rapporteur for supporting my amendments and for his excellent oral contribution .
24. situation of people with disabilities ( vote )
thank you very much , mrs terrón .
does the council realise that , having raised the alarm in the management of this food crisis , this unpopular peoples ' party minister has caused real chaos ?
code of conduct for eu firms in developing countries
i thank the president-in-office for doing a sterling job all day here in parliament. i am not sure it has been entirely easy or pleasurable at all times .
. mr president , it is a pity that mr mccreevy cannot be here. it would have been nice to talk to him personally .
the next item is the statements by the council and commission on the situation in iraq , followed by the debate .
madam president , as i mentioned in the previous plenary session , the committee on economic and monetary affairs largely welcomed the council 's first reading of the commission 's draft budget .
the next item is the presentation of the court of auditors ' annual report for 2007 .
4. the attack on galina kozlova , member of the board of the mari national organisation mari ušem and editor of the literary magazine ontšõko ( vote )
i look forward to the forthcoming debate .
. ( fr ) i am abstaining on the compromise resolution on aids. the fact that the joint motion for resolution bears my name is an error .
( the sitting was suspended at 7.25 p.m. and resumed at 9.00 p.m. )
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , i would like to thank you for your attention .
madam president , i would like to express my thanks to mr oostlander for his report , and to the president-in-office of the council , mr yiannitsis , and commissioner verheugen .
the repair clause is like a classic british compromise. vehicle manufacturers have a right to benefit from their investment in design .
subject : effects of abolition of duty-free sales
mr president , i would like to thank all the rapporteurs : they have done an important job for us .
thank you for your cooperation thus far. i invite you to double your efforts so that we can provide the tangible solutions which everyone expects from us .
being in favour of this new realistic and balanced approach , i supported the adoption of this report during the final vote in plenary .
mr president , it is very nice to have my name on the wall together with a secretary of state and a commissioner - it is a big moment !
subject : new eu combat poverty programme as the council is aware , under the treaty of maastricht no progress was made towards the adoption of a new combat poverty programme .
in writing. the british conservative delegation fully supports the btwc and the international efforts to universalise the convention and to implement it effectively .
subject : grounds for a new world trade agreement
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
the european union and turkey thus appear to be united by a major challenge : to lay the foundations for tomorrow ’ s europe together .
member of the commission . - mr president , thank you for giving me this opportunity to make a few comments about the reform of our wine sector .
you have the power and the responsibility to control speaking time and i 'm asking that you do so in the future .
mr president , because i think it is positive , i agree overall with the florenz report , in particular his defence for the creation of a framework directive .
the setting up of an agency specifically created to address all legal and illegal immigration would be highly instrumental in tackling these issues in a comprehensive and integrated manner .
mr president , i share in the delight of my friend and colleague , ms gill , that we are closing loopholes in this directive .
on the whole , though , we have achieved something unprecedented up to now , namely a degree of environmental protection that is unique in the world .
mrs lalumière may now move the request .
the next item is the commission statement on asian bird flu .
one way for us farmers to respond would be to organise ourselves better into producer cooperatives with production contracts , in order to meet the food retailer monopolies head on .
so listen to the social arguments and the cultural arguments , commissioner , and take another look at those documents which have been written for you by your high-level officials .
thank you very much , mr radwan. i would like to congratulate you on what is referred to in german parliamentary-speak , inappropriately in your case , as a maiden speech .
question no 10 by sören wibe ( h-0618 / 97 )
what are the principal orientations it wishes to give to this regional programme for women and what are the main needs it intends to meet ?
the debate at second reading on the 2001 budget gives rise to the same feelings we had last october and therefore leads us again to voting against the budget .
the vote will take place tomorrow , 31.1.2008 .
we will not be taking questions nos 2 to 8 , as they deal with a matter that has already been on this afternoon ’ s order of business .
i would like to ask you to observe a minute ' s silence .
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
mrs bozkurt , you will be aware that that was not a point of order , but this house has , of course , sent out an important message with this statement .
debates on cases of breaches of human rights , democracy and the rule of law ( debate )
i shall tell the mayor this evening. he is dining with the bureau .
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
the cap cannot afford to neglect those who will ensure that the community has sustainable food sovereignty that respects man and the environment .
the report by katerina batzeli , on behalf of the committee on agriculture and rural development , on the common organisation of the markets in the sugar sector - c6-0177 / 2007 - .
in writing . - ( pl ) i support the report by mrs van den burg and mr dăianu on the follow-up to the lamfalussy directives and the future structure of supervision .
the report gives responsibility for authorising gmos to the european food authority. however , the latter has only an advisory function. politicians remain responsible for the decisions .
( es ) mr president , allow me to say that it is a pleasure to see you in the chair once again .
the turkish cypriot ' authorities ' plan to privatise one of the two greek cypriot schools - attended by 30 greek pupils - which have continued to operate throughout occupied cyprus .
once again , utter confusion prevailed during the discussions and the vote on the report on the situation in the european union concerning respect for human rights .
question no 31 by carlos lage ( h-0393 / 03 ) :
mrs muscardini , that was not really a procedural request , so i would ask that we observe the rules of procedure .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , over the past few weeks we have been witness to what i believe to be a valuable exercise in european democracy .
the vote will take place at 11 a.m.
mr van velzen 's report is too far from economic reality. i will not be able to vote for it unless certain european people 's party amendments are adopted .
subject : specific immigration strand for the meda programme
the sitting was suspended at 1.10 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m.
the vote on any motions for resolutions will take place during the next session .
i have received one motion for resolution tabled in accordance with rule 115 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure .
mr president , i would like to begin by thanking the rapporteurs for their work. i will concentrate on two points .
now employees who have been made redundant as a result of the global financial and economic crisis can also be supported and we have increased the cofinancing to 65 % .
food security is a fundamental right that is impeded by limited natural resources , high energy prices and climate change .
the move to a more market-orientated cap means that mountainous regions , where agricultural production is less competitive , are not only facing new challenges but also , i believe , new opportunities .
the next item is the vote .
12. third-country anti-dumping , anti-subsidy and safeguard action ( vote )
member of the commission . - mr president , i indeed said that the college will review possible options , including a withdrawal of the proposal .
these are the two main points , commissioner , that i expect to see in the green paper. after listening to us , i trust you will help us find specific applications .
this objective also involves modernising the european social model , investing in people and combating social exclusion. it also involves implementing sound macroeconomic policies encouraging economic growth and employment .
interinstitutional agreement on the transparency register ( signing )
( for the results and other details on the vote : see minutes )
i should just now like to congratulate mrs barthet-mayer on her very serious , profound and professional work , which she has carried out in drafting this report .
. mr president , i very much welcome your house ’ s endorsement of the conclusion of the agreements on the association of switzerland with the schengen and dublin .
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
the report ( a5-0271 / 2002 ) by mr koukiadis , on behalf of the committee on petitions , on the deliberations of the committee on petitions during the parliamentary year 2001-2002 [ 2002 / 2019 ( ini ) ] .
vice-president of the commission . - i am sorry. something must have gone wrong in the organisation .
membership of committees and delegations : see minutes
this has become an essential condition for the entry into force of the directive .
i only wish that such positive reference to local or regional economic cycles would become a central element of eu policy .
first , secrecy in the council of ministers : it is impossible to be well informed on its reasoning .
we need a guarantee fund and instruments of stability. we also need an early warning mechanism in respect of shocks that affect single countries .
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on 10 july 2008 .
( fr ) a new recital a bis :
there , commissioner , you have a number of points on which it must be possible to work during the legislative period that is about to start .
it must make use of the possibilities existing at an international level to develop exports , mainly to the developing countries .
the following questions have been submitted to the council .
how long are we going to put up with this indignity , mr president ?
the implementation of the european security strategy in the context of the esdp ( continuation of debate )
( loud and sustained applause from the verts / ale group )
the next item on the agenda is the council and commission statements on current problems regarding immigration .
the need to have free postal services for the blind and partially-sighted , an essential value of a non-discriminatory society .
subject : draft eu-colombia free trade agreement
you see , mr solana , what a welcome !
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i was present at the meeting with the representative of the united nations .
mr president , the first two priorities of the council and the commission for the year to come , namely employment and the euro , appear to be fairly broadly contradictory .
mr president , running through the leinen report is the belief that fully-fledged european political parties are necessary , because they truly benefit democracy at european level .
thank you , commissioner vitorino. indeed , the house knows your discipline well .
question no 1 by camilo nogueira román ( h-0606 / 02 ) :
one further amendment the commission cannot accept is amendment no 22 for , by restricting the definition of illicit pirate devices , it risks creating loopholes and weakening the protection considerably .
( the president cut off the speaker )
in the eurozone , perhaps the ecb should have an oversight of accumulative debt issuance and advise member states on responsible management .
once again , mr president , congratulations on your election. i and my fellow commissioners look forward to working with you towards this goal .
the next item is the commission statement on the oil slick off the french coast .
agenda for next sitting : see minutes
we can also squeeze much more out of the european research area , making full use of the single market by improving the mobility of researchers , for example .
written declarations included in the register ( rule 123 ) : see minutes
these two amendments are reasonable and i hope colleagues will support them .
- the report by giuseppe gargani , on behalf of the committee on legal affairs , on a strategy for the simplification of the regulatory environment [ 2006 / 2006 ( ini ) ] ( a6-0080 / 2006 ) .
we have had the debate on that. we are now voting .
does the recent criticism of the court of justice by council president wolfgang schüssel have the support of the council as a whole ?
the internal market has enormous potential and we can overcome any difficulty if we have to will to succeed .
mr sterckx , do you wish to speak on a point of order ?
many thanks to all the members who contributed to this .
i firmly believe that it should be part of eu policy to respect the conclusions adopted at council summits. otherwise , they are nothing more than useless scraps of paper .
the european commission should be loyal to the european tradition , and not to the newer united states tradition. we must support small legal practices. do not make any mistakes .
( the order of business was thus established )
i would therefore call on the house to vote in favour of this report , for the sake of all air transport passengers .
in any event , mr liikanen may answer if he wishes or is able to , but it is a very broad question .
annex – position of the commission
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
( the sitting was suspended at 7.05 p.m. and resumed at 9 p.m. )
the council must unblock this situation so that we can have a credible resettlement system. this is an all-party request that we are making to the council this evening .
mr president , i too would like to congratulate mrs mann on the excellent work she has done on this report .
encouraging entrepreneurship results in greater competitiveness and a higher quality knowledge-based economy , in keeping with the revamped lisbon strategy .
financial services and movement of natural persons
decisions concerning certain documents : see minutes
in the light of parliament 's concern over the extension of ' must carry ' obligations to conditional access and other associated facilities , the commission wishes to make the following statement .
subject : supreme court injunction on financing any new projects because of the eu 's legal basis for granting aid
it is important to confirm to our partners in the developing countries that we remain true to our commitment that this should be a development round .
this is a good document , which we hope will be effective , but we also need to be committed to it .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11.30 a.m.
there is harmony in the home .
can the council outline the remaining chapters to be discussed by the eu and croatia within the negotiating framework for croatia 's accession to the eu ?
( de ) mr president , i am following in the tradition of winston churchill , who said : ' we must build a kind of united states of europe ' .
equally , we deplore the contemplative attitude of the spanish government , which only reacted when the pressure and concern reached a maximum .
i find it totally unacceptable that mr santer steered the debate towards talk of reform of administrative structures , smaller private offices , and organisational change .
in this house , among all of you , europe can be felt with greater force than in any other place. europe lives here with more hope and more confidence .
this brings the total for this programme to ecu 500 million over five years. i am sure this will be supported by the european parliament .
mr verheugen , i would ask you to respond to the supplementary question by mrs gonzález .
in my report i quote those words of stefan heym from alexanderplatz in 1989 east berlin :
i am most anxious for a permanent solution to be found to prevent further disruption. thank you .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , this debate runs on seamlessly from the debate that we have just had on the automobile industry as an example of restructuring .
financial services ( signature of the acts )
in positions of responsibility. i heard the president of parliament support this view last week .
i endorsed the report because it contains clear statements calling on russia not to use its natural sources of energy for political purposes .
thank you. i hope that the services responsible for the minutes will be able to make the necessary changes .
( sk ) china is an important business and trading partner of the european union .
( es ) mr president , i also think that there are ample reasons to support the amendments tabled for this report , and that the report is very valuable .
the export of usable goods is subject to the european union ’ s approval ; i am glad to see mr cohn-bendit agreeing with me on this .
it is crucial that we do not end up with a series of stand-alone adaptation projects. rather , we have to mainstream adaptation and risk reduction into development cooperation .
participation of the czech republic in community programmes ( training , youth and education )
once again , the resolution places the aggressor and aggressed , occupier and occupied on the same level , thereby ignoring the terrorism of the israeli state ;
my second question is therefore : can we be absolutely sure that the eurogroup will not actually take over more and more real power in the future ?
would he not do better just to drop that proposal and to allow the other , more modest , parts of his report to continue ?
the next item is the joint debate on :
i believe abortion to be a morally unacceptable and cruel practice .
we expect very little from this presidency and are not prepared to give it the benefit of the doubt , as we are opposed to most of its policies .
- before the vote on paragraph 161
all this noise is making things very difficult : the sound quality is dreadful. i would appreciate it if the technicians could do something about it .
as they deal with the same subject , the following questions will be taken together :
the roadmap , of which the european union was the chief cartographer , recognises this , and my group remains firmly committed to its implementation .
decisions concerning certain documents : see minutes
subject : organizations representing internet service providers
include the regional dimension in all eu policies .
1. preparation of the tec meeting and the εu / usa summit ( 2 and 3 november 2009 ) and
thank you very much , madam president , and congratulations. it is very good to see you in the chair .
the vote will take place on wednesday 11 july 2007 .
mr president , naturally i share what was said by my colleague mr fodé sylla in his speech and by the other members who have spoken here this afternoon .
mr president , mr president of the council , mrs neyts-uyttebroeck , mr barnier , ladies and gentlemen , first a word on the defence aspect .
mr president , i can but make a note of the honourable member 's experience and state that i share his interest in euronews .
( it ) mr president , lastly i should like to congratulate mr cancian on his excellent work .
the contribution of this report and our colleague 's work is crucial , and there are two aspects i would like to highlight .
( the sitting was suspended at 12.35 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
( interruption off the microphone by mr korakas )
mr president , mr oettinger , the current us government initially spoke out clearly in favour of closing the detention camp at guantánamo .
- before the vote on paragraph 3
i would therefore ask how late it is technically possible to set the deadline so that we can still be sure of voting on wednesday ?
however , we swedish environmentalists , who represent a country with a restrictive narcotics policy , cannot vote for the action programme for reasons which include the following :
( parliament rejected the request for urgent procedure . )
we find it equally important to maintain and further increase freedom of religion in europe. the eu can show and share good practices .
the next item is voting time .
first , it plays down the importance and the role of a global monitoring system which is directed by the usa and to which a member state belongs ( united kingdom ) .
before the vote on amendment 4 :
mr president , mr van rompuy , mr barroso , i would like to make two comments on the conclusions of last december 's european council .
we welcome those rules that are intended to strengthen transparency and comparability .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
b5-0217 / 2001 , by mr vinci and mrs frahm , on behalf of the confederal group of the european united left / nordic green left , on the violence in kalimantan ;
the situation is far too precarious to brook any delay in tackling this issue .
b5-0608 / 2000 , by mr pannella and others , on behalf of the technical group of independent members , on the need to stop chinese colonisation and adopt a new statute for tibet ;
i believe that the treatment of poultrymeat with decontaminating substances is not acceptable and i therefore argued for treatment by refrigeration .
national budgets must be reorganised mainly by reducing bureaucracy rather than adding to the burden on our people .
what lessons can we learn from this ? it seems to me that we have been able to avoid falling into three traps .
what kind of price increase are we talking about ?
i have received notice of the following candidacies :
as draftsman of the committee 's opinion , i was determined to understand the views of entrepreneurs , unions , economic and social agents , technical and legal advisors and academics .
thank you very much , mr barón crespo. mr bayrou has just informed me of this terrible news and i now give him the floor .
the social experiments proposed in the report ( so-called ' alternative family structures ' ) bring nothing but risks for our societies .
subject : finalising of the agreement concerning the multilateral nuclear environmental program
( fr ) madam president , i thank and congratulate mrs de keyser for her excellent and relevant report .
i shall suspend the sitting for a few moments so that they can be repaired .
– the debate is closed .
now , mr president , ladies and gentlemen , we find ourselves with four supplementary and amending budgets ( sabs ) , with 41 transferrals and a fifth amending budget .
mr president , on the voting order between amendments 43 and 54 , my group sees that this voting order in this list is the wrong way round .
mr president , i also wish to join with those who have congratulated the chairman of the committee and the rapporteur on doing a very fine job .
air traffic controllers are quite right to reject the so-called ' single sky ' project , a message reinforced during their europe-wide strike on 19 june , and the risk that it involves .
the commissioner is not present , but i am assured that he is on his way. in the interest of time we should start this debate .
- how far will we go ?
i will address some of your questions which you have already raised in my closing remarks .
commissioner , we cannot simply allow all these efforts to go to waste .
mr balfe and mr ribeiro have thus obtained an absolute majority of the votes cast .
the chilean authorities have signalled their acceptance of offers of help made by the european union member states .
in writing . - ( de ) i will vote in favour of the directive on airport charges presented by mr stockmann .
i hope that these points can be examined closely during the remainder of the proceedings .
mr president , i would like to thank the house for having this debate during a prime morning session - normally our debates are at midnight ! long may this continue .
mr president , this is the contribution from the committee on budgets .
rapporteur . - ( fr ) mr president , i would like amendment 21 to be moved to after paragraph 40 .
( ga ) mr president , i was delighted by what the rapporteur anna maria corazza bildt said on this important matter .
the savalan case and the cases of demonstrators arrested recently show how basic rights in azerbaijan remain weak and how far the authorities are prepared to silence dissidents .
i shall also present your agreement on the proposal for a regulation on the co2 emissions of light-duty vehicles and fuel quality .
in principle , the vote ought to take place now , but if not it will take place this evening .
subject : ban on visiting cuban nationals imprisoned in the united states
... and the proposal by the environment commission is that the labelling system should apply to all beef products , preparations , processed products and by-products .
our vote in favour of this measure is a consequence of the formal distinction that has been made between information on medicinal products and advertising .
the next item is the joint debate :
hopefully the european asylum support office will help to ease the burden of the member states concerned .
i therefore say yes to this institute , but it must serve a genuine purpose .
the commission also shares the rapporteur 's views as regards the importance of education , regional and cross-border cooperation and gender equality , to name but a few issues .
mr president , the humanitarian situation in somalia is deteriorating rapidly due to a combination of conflict , political instability and severe drought , as well as high inflation compounding matters further .
i represent a peripheral part of the european union - both the western and border county regions in ireland .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
the question of the fuels used in refineries is also important. refineries are already subject to strict sulphur dioxide emission limits. is it therefore reasonable to impose additional constraints ?
the regulation was adopted unanimously by the committee on industry , research and energy after the successful outcome of the trialogues with the council .
. ( pt ) i wish to congratulate mr gil-robles on his report on the election of representatives in the european parliament by direct universal suffrage .
the next item is the statement by the commission on banning seal products in the eu .
allow me to give you a brief assessment of the bonn conference before i turn to the main decisions on substance .
the economic and political rivalries between european powers have led to two world wars : the first started in that region and the second was particularly destructive there .
the proposal appears sound to us at this stage and takes the precautionary principle into account , and we therefore voted in favour .
( da ) mr president , welcome to parliament mr barnier and good luck with your job .
this is therefore the commission 's position on this important issue .
· secondly , there must be mass reforestation ;
the next item is the joint debate on :
mr ó neachtain , i send my warm regards to your close friends and constituents .
at international level , the focus in 2005 will largely remain on issues relating to international security and stability , the fight against terrorism and the rebuilding of iraq .
a longer term strategy therefore also requires that attention be focused on other countries in the region. there is no need for a new un resolution for such intervention .
b5-0142 / 01 by mr sjöstedt , mrs frahm , mr brie and mr papayannakis , on behalf of the gue / ngl group , on religious freedom in the people 's republic of china ( prc ) ;
mr president , i would just like to ask if the thefts and break-ins in our offices here in the european parliament could also be recorded in the minutes ?
for all these reasons , i have , in all conscience , supported mrs sandbaek 's report .
i give the floor to the rapporteur , mr herman .
each person has the right to their own views , and i do not deny that different ethical frameworks exist in different member states. this is not the issue .
( es ) mr president , on the international day against human trafficking for social exploitation , some figures were revealed that should make us act as political leaders .
madam president , i am now going to listen to the speeches of the various meps and i will respond to them as fully as possible .
the vote will take place immediately .
until we have had an opportunity to examine this document , we cannot seriously vote on the financial regulation .
b5-0144 / 01 by mr van den bos and mrs dybkjær , on behalf of the eldr group , on the congo .
for this reason , as of the aforesaid date , the following members are non-attached .
commissioner , mr president , the european parliament is aware of its responsibility and will exercise it on behalf of the people it represents .
- acknowledges the bad experience of refugee camps even within the territory of member states of the european union .
i wish to thank everyone for their excellent levels of cooperation .
we are now seeing further problems with defining priorities , such as that given to the lisbon strategy , or to issues of immigration and asylum .
so it is clear that , today , the political conditions which govern the european parliament 's consent to customs union no longer exist !
( de ) mr president , i believe that we had a large majority for amendment 81 , with the result that amendment 12 lapses. can you just confirm that again , please ?
declaration of financial interests : see minutes
( fr ) mr president , i too would like to thank the rapporteur .
( the house rose and observed a minute ' s silence )
- glosses over the military occupation of iraq by the usa and its allies – the occupying troops are euphemistically referred to as ‘ military forces stationed in the country ’ ;
( the president cut off the speaker )
in fact president arafat and prime minister barak have already signed the memorandum to implement the wye river accord and to resume the final status negotiations .
thank you very much , commissioner. that concludes the debate on this item. the vote will take place on wednesday .
we voted against this report for three fundamental reasons .
karl popper once said , ' we must plan for freedom , and not only for security , if for no other reason than only freedom can make security secure ' .
. i roundly welcome this commission proposal implementing the decision of the barcelona european council of march 2002 to introduce a european health insurance card .
that was a brief summary of the substance of this report .
the european union has been struggling to combat illegal logging , while seeking to conserve forest resources and promote their sustainable use globally .
once again , i would like to sincerely bid you all welcome. i am very happy that you are here with us today .
the vote will take place during the next voting time , which is about to begin .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i will begin with colombia .
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
i have received a motion for a resolution tabled in accordance with rule 108 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure .
( the speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under rule 149 ( 8 ) )
i give the floor to mrs lindh , president-in-office of the council .
( the sitting was closed at 7.28 p.m. )
b5-0306 / 2003 by mr bob van den bos , on behalf of the eldr group , on burma ;
what is occurring is very serious and i would like you to intervene to restore the freedom of circulation of goods .
however , we cannot support the creation of rapid border intervention teams. nor can we support any moves towards the creation of a ' european coastguard body ' .
( a5-0447 / 2001 ) by mr wynn , on the mobilisation of the flexibility instrument ;
i will focus on four - in my view - key aspects of the report .
oral questions and written declarations ( submission ) : see minutes
thank you very much , mr prodi .
nevertheless , let me again ask the commissioner : what additional mechanisms can we bolt on to exclude the possibility of subsidies being given to firms that have already relocated ?
there can be no doubt whatsoever that this bill degrades the basic principles of international law and illustrates the arrogant , martial , world-dominating , imperialist profile of the usa .
fourthly , i am in favour of more , and also more specific , controls of international transport. this point , in particular , is the achilles ' heel of current eu practice .
we condemn the oppressive so-called communist system that was ruling poland after the second world war .
the adoption of this report will confirm the european union ’ s involvement in the struggle for the health of africa .
this is the main feature that makes me consider schengen 2 the most advanced proposal yet on the table .
the next item is question time ( b5-0494 / 2002 ) . we shall hear questions to the council .
the candidates have informed me that they agree to stand .
20. revision of the framework directive on waste (
( de ) madam president , ladies and gentlemen , more than 55 000 patients are on waiting lists for an organ transplant. nearly 10 people a day die whilst waiting .
we have accepted those amendments .
despite some progress which we recognise , organised crime and corruption remain a serious concern in the country and it should address these challenges as a matter of urgency .
safety on the community 's railways - amendment of regulation ( ec ) no 881 / 2004 establishing a european railway agency ( debate )
( the sitting was closed at 12 midnight )
the vote will take place on wednesday at 12 noon .
thank you very much for your attention .
mr kindermann , i admire our commissioner fischler , who , as an austrian , has to get to grips with the subject of one of the really big fleets .
( in successive votes parliament adopted the nine resolutions )
the vote will take place tomorrow at 9 a.m.
mr gargani , thank you very much for your constructive words. thank you very much to everybody and in particular to the luxembourg presidency .
are there any objections to amendment nos 3 and 14 being considered as null and void from now on ? as there are no objections , this will be the case .
on the subject of amendment no 71
subject : development of democracy in europe
i do not believe so. the battle of the sexes does not have to take place .
by intervening to legislate on the organisation of self-employed drivers ' working time , parliament would be setting a dangerous precedent , authorising a european-branded takeover of entrepreneurship and free enterprise .
the vote will take place on thursday at 10 a.m.
we must not jeopardise the directive ’ s key objective , which is to guarantee minimum community-level territorial and social postal services , at a certain quality and at affordable prices .
after the economy and science , it is now the turn of moral values to make progress .
we now come to the one-minute speeches on important political issues .
( interjection from mrs morvai : ' shame on you ! ' )
measurement of the territorial impact of sectoral community policies and proposal of ways to create synergies between territorial and sectoral policies ;
( the president cut the speaker off )
the next item is the debate on topical and urgent subjects of major importance .
as we have already stated , ' we will not trade freedom for security , as we will be left with neither ' . we therefore voted against the report .
i cannot remember mr dell 'alba 's question. my friend mr telkämper always unsettles me politically , mr president. now i do not remember where i had got to .
could you please ensure that the administration gives priority to solving this problem , which is deeply inconvenient ?
in writing . - ( fr ) i welcome the adoption of the joint resolution on the ' barcelona process : union for the mediterranean ' .
as they deal with the same subject , questions nos 50 , 51 and 52 will be taken together .
. the markov reports on which parliament voted today raise a number of questions for countries on the geographical periphery of europe , such as portugal , spain and greece .
madam president , i support the adoption of the report .
mr president , i shall begin by thanking the commissioner for his encouraging presentation , and i shall continue in swedish .
the minutes of yesterday 's session have been distributed .
( for the results of the vote : see minutes )
the minutes of yesterday ' s sitting have been distributed .
the next item is the joint debate on the following two oral questions :
the next item is the joint debate on the following oral questions :
according to the charter of fundamental rights , every eu citizen has the freedom to seek employment , work and settle in any other member state .
in my judgment , the council broadcast two important messages in barcelona : its confidence in economic recovery , and the rekindling of the lisbon ' spirit ? .
some quite radical requirements are being proposed and therefore the burden on industry will be too high if the proposals are introduced too quickly .
the next item is the one-minute speeches on matters of political importance .
the report also rightly points out the need to strengthen health and safety measures in this area of science .
the commission is planning to introduce anti-dumping measures for the import of cheap footwear from china , indonesia and thailand .
. mr president , i can assure the house that frits bolkestein is alive and kicking , and that is why martin schulz is looking so bruised these days !
some amendments introduce other clarifications and can be accepted , while a number of others require some rewording or further clarification , so can only be accepted in principle .
lastly , let us acknowledge the women of iran. yesterday , we heard from them and i think this house and this debate should recognise their struggle and wish them well .
. ( pt ) i voted for this excellent report .
mr president , i wish to speak in relation to rule 172 , with regard to the minutes of the previous sitting .
question no 14 by tommy waidelich ( h-0946 / 96 )
i also endorse the rationale underlying the general maximum percentage of the counterparty risk in amendments nos 17 , 36 and 45 .
in writing . - ( pt ) a great deal could be said on this resolution about the recent eu-russia summit , and we will therefore only mention certain examples concerning its aims .
first point : if an " area of freedom , security and justice " is to implemented , the decision-making and supervisory powers of the european parliament need to be strengthened .
the vote will take place tomorrow at noon .
subject : energy cooperation in south-east europe
15. guidelines for the member states ' employment policies (
the president declared the common position approved as amended
i have to reject the last proposal of the commissioner on moral grounds .
what about your political imperialism , the arrogance of our subculture , the destruction of our spiritual values ? do you want to impose all that on morocco ?
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , what i have to say represents my personal view and not the view of my group .
the report by mrs schaake , on behalf of the committee on culture and education , on the cultural dimensions of the eu 's external actions ,
the next item is speeches on matters of political importance .
the union 's institutions worked efficiently to achieve a common definition of the crime of terrorism and to achieve and implement the european arrest warrant .
preparation of the european council , including the situation of the global financial system ( debate )
another important starting point , of course , is the reconciliation of family and career. it is no coincidence that those countries that have succeeded in this have higher birth rates .
madam president , i wish to speak with reference to mr blak 's report on the ecsc on the discharge for 1994 .
the next item is the statements by the council and the commission on the situation in kosovo .
mr martin , you have just answered it for me .
this report is also important because it deals with serious inefficiencies in the european commission ' s implementation of the budget , inefficiencies involving considerable amounts of money .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
this is not the only way to combat illegal human trafficking. we must share responsibility for this serious problem which the whole of european society is obliged to confront .
the vote will take place at the end of this afternoon ’ s debates .
thank you for your answers , commissioner , they are really impressive .
i congratulate the committee and the rapporteur , mr skinner , for their excellent work and thank all those who helped to ensure that the work was done speedily and effectively .
i also made clear at yesterday 's meeting of presidents that the presidency is very keen to work together with the european parliament to reach a decision quickly .
secondly , the political issue. you yourself set an example , to a certain extent bypassing certain rules of protocol , international law and diplomacy , by bringing commander massoud here .
thank you very much , commissioner bolkestein .
- following the approval of the commission 's proposal .
thank you very much , mr hallam. i will pass on your comments to the bureau .
question no 50 by jörn svensson ( h-0460 / 96 )
my second question concerns sunset clauses. in the case of these , the minimum we obtained in the declaration constitutes the guarantee we needed in order to accept the agreement .
thank you very much , mr bolkestein , for your excellent cooperation this evening and throughout the legislature .
i hope that our meeting today will lay the foundations for constructive cooperation between the council and parliament over the next six months .
- respect the national legislation of the eu member states that reject this possibility ;
it has been an honour for the european parliament to receive you. thank you very much .
( the speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under rule 149 ( 8 ) )
3. minimum safety and health requirements for the use of work equipment (
management of deep-sea fish stocks ( debate )
( sv ) mr president. welcome to fredrik reinfeldt. you spoke very wisely about the treaty , about enlargement and about the climate. i will touch on something you did not mention .
composition of committees and delegations : see minutes
we have no choice but to vote against this draft resolution , as we did in july ,
the vote will be taken today at 12.00 noon .
( the president cut the speaker off )
the commission is firmly convinced that any other criterion used by the states to justify different objectives must be equivalent to the those laid down in the directive .
subject : joint declaration by turkey and the ' trnc '
subject : problems facing beneficiaries of wills across the eu
mrs carrère d 'encausse has done the groundwork. the commission and council can now get to work. i warmly endorse this report .
what measures is the commission taking to improve the operational capability of the administration and justice system in romania and bulgaria ?
the vote will take place tomorrow .
human rights must be our guiding light in every policy choice we make .
the report has many merits , but there are three things which mean that i am unable to vote for it in the final voting :
we welcome the president-in-office of the council , mr yiannitsis .
mr president , my group would like both mr christodoulou 's report and mr rehder 's report to be removed from the agenda , and for the same reason .
mr president , commissioner , in this outbreak of foot-and-mouth disease , there are technical areas of shadow , political certainties and strategic questions .
however , there are specific recommendations in the report , for example specific procedures which could be implemented in order to fight the scourge of illegal or undeclared work .
one of the issues is eurobonds , and that is very much linked to the overall reform of economic governance .
i therefore give the floor to the nominee for president of the commission , mr prodi , whom i would also welcome to the house .
thank you , commissioner byrne , the vote will take place tomorrow at 11.30 a.m. the debate is closed .
finally , i warmly thank my respected rapporteur and chairman , mr gil-robles , the committee 's excellent secretariat and all those who cooperated with us .
transport of dangerous goods by road
the commission 's food and veterinary office carries out regular inspections in the member states to check whether slaughterhouses comply with community hygiene rules .
i would like , in any case , to thank parliament for having opened this debate .
( el ) mr president , energy means three things : nuclear , oil and gas. nuclear energy is not possible in all the countries of europe and is , moreover , ' vivere pericolosamente ' .
mr cox , i shall naturally ask the services to examine everything very carefully. that goes without saying , and certainly upon your express wishes .
the introduction of the lisbon treaty will make an important contribution to the success of this entire initiative .
mr president , i merely wish to say that i share mrs kauppi ’ s position exactly .
( explanation of vote abbreviated in accordance with rule 137 ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure )
we hope that member states will take this into account , thereby guaranteeing all employees the same rights to information and consultation .
i should like to close by saying that specialist training for stockmen and other people involved is absolutely essential .
mr president , i too shall refer only to the directive on fruit juice , as time is short .
( b5-0530 / 00 ) by mr salafranca sánchez-neyra and mr hernández mollar , on behalf of the ppe-de group , to the council , and ( b5-0531 / 00 ) to the commission , on tunisia .
mr schulz , i understand that you are proposing formally that commissioner mccreevy and the president of the commission appear , the two of them .
as regards the second issue , derivatives , i agree that this is another crucial issue for at least three reasons .
president-in-office of the council . - mr president , at this late hour i wish to make a few remarks on the council 's position on the horn of africa .
mr president , first of all , i would like to address my thanks to our rapporteur and congratulate her on the significance and the high quality of her work .
b5-0899 / 2000 by depuis and others , on behalf of the tdi group ;
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , we run the risk today of repeating ourselves. personally , i would like to make a suggestion .
this is obviously entirely valid for chechnya , but our conviction that the fight against terrorism cannot take place at the expense of respect for human rights is also valid .
we are not going to start singing here but would simply like to thank the german presidency for a successful period in office .
in any case , i believe mr tannock welcomes the security measures that the bureau thought it was necessary to take .
finally , is it the case that she has information that , whereas saakashvili is accused of behaving intemperately , there were in fact 400 russian tanks ...
the vote will take place on tuesday , 24 march 2009 .
we now continue with the debate on the situation in the arab world and north africa , syria and yemen .
that is , therefore , the key point of the recommendation made by my committee , which we would like to see included clearly in the final text .
gerard collins has accordingly been elected vice-president. i congratulate him and thank the scrutineers .
month after month , ministers told us that such a marketing ban would be contrary to wto rules , but these objections were at last overcome during our middle-of-the-night negotiations .
– the debate is closed .
the list could be much longer , as demonstrated by the large number of amendments which have been tabled .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
the next item is the commission declaration on belarus .
mr marín , do you wish to respond ?
7. meat and livestock statistics (
on the contrary , the eu is merely repeating the same old measures , which it is trying to adapt to the framework of the forthcoming cap health check .
in 1992 , the international olympic committee called on the international community to cease all hostilities during the 1992 olympic games .
( the sitting was closed at 4.30 p.m. )
2. number of interparliamentary delegations , delegations to joint interparliamentary committees and delegations to parliamentary cooperation committees and multilateral parliamentary assemblies (
questions nos 51 to 61 will be answered in writing. as their subject is covered later in this part-session questions nos 62 and 63 will not be called .
( the president cut off the speaker )
however , it is only fair to say here today that there are still certain questions being asked by european public opinion and , therefore , by our citizens .
question no 49 by maj theorin ( h-0747 / 98 )
allow me also to refer you to the commission ’ s annual report on equal opportunities for women and men in the european union , which was adopted on 14 february .
we also called for successful programmes , such as lifelong learning , to receive more funding in the new multiannual financial framework , and for better coordination between programmes .
. mr president , ladies and gentlemen , here we are at a decisive stage of this important democratic process , the establishment of the new european commission .
an increase in aid from the european investment bank , and the european investment fund , as well as greater financial support for technical activities related to project development and implementation ;
thank you once again for your report and your commitment. i look forward to continuing not only our discussions , but especially our cooperation on this important issue .
i would also subscribe to and support a european year devoted to books and to reading , in view of our young people 's widespread mania for television .
the vote will take place after the debate on points under rule 50 of our rules of procedure .
the directive proposed by the council contains unclear formulations making it impossible to make a precise distinction between software and technical benefits .
christian chesnot and georges malbrunot are victims of a different hostage taking ; that of france by its immigration policy .
the next item is the joint debate on :
on behalf of the efd group . - madam president , there is a credible sounding justification for each one of the four financing instruments being presented to parliament today .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
this is also my view and i consequently voted in favour of the report .
promotion of electricity from renewable energy sources
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see minutes
i wish to thank the irish presidency sincerely for its valuable work on this issue .
human resources benchmarking is especially important. the comparative weakness of eu managerial skills and culture needs to be seriously investigated and addressed .
forwarding of texts adopted during the sitting : see minutes
we in sweden have recently had to fight hard to avoid the eu practice of regularly using antibiotics as additives in animal feed .
thirdly , it would also have been wise to think about the future and promoting new technologies. therefore , i would ask the commission to submit a new proposal .
situation of children in central and eastern europe :
nonetheless , i thank you and congratulate you for your work in the council .
i give the floor to mr lisi , on behalf of the group of the european people ’ s party ( christian democrats ) and european democrats .
b5-0135 / 2003 , by mr van den berg and others , on behalf of the pse group , on the situation in kazakhstan ;
question no 10 by lennart sacrédeus ( h-0399 / 02 ) :
finally , mr gauzès referred to the need to rid ourselves of dependency on the rating agencies. how can this idyllic situation be brought about as soon as possible ?
one might look at the medium- and large-scale aircraft industry as an example of where it would be sensible to cooperate and in other industrial areas .
the final version of the draft agenda as drawn up by the conference of presidents pursuant to rule 95 of the rules of procedure has been distributed .
to conclude the debate , i have received one motion for a resolution pursuant to rule 103 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
two types of measures can be identified in the ' seven point plan ' presented by the commission to deal with this crisis .
as i said before , do not forget what the situation was like before , and where we are now .
for our part we reject the ppe-de 's proposals and supported the rapporteur , although we disagree with some points in the report .
the commission is of the view that for the purposes of this directive , the term ' industrial and municipal waste ' may include waste denominated as ' commercial waste ' .
does the council see any substantial progress as concerns the negotiations with russia on the new pca ?
i should like to reply to the questions by mrs ferrer and mrs peijs , and by mr chanterie and mr moniz .
in 1994-1995 we held long and difficult negotiations to establish the grant for the socrates programme .
i think that the three amendments proposed by our committee improve things still further and are , i believe , acceptable both to the commission and the council .
b ) an increase in spending from the eu budget for its military and political interventions ;
i therefore share the conclusions of the european commission 's white paper , and i approve both the orientations and the provisional timetable for the sarlis report .
( parliament adopted the motion . ) before the final vote :
i hope that this will enable the committee on social affairs and employment , which has asked for a separate vote , to vote in favour of this amendment .
talks in austria on forming a government
we will always uphold the freedom of expression , which is a fundamental right of all citizens in europe .
i would like to say in this regard that we must work on the basis of four elements within such a complex field as immigration .
other areas to which i object and which i should like to change are the following .
( the speaker was interrupted by a heckler )
in order for the european constitutional treaty to be accepted by european citizens , importance needs to be attached to the family and to traditional european values .
as we have pointed out , rather than security measures we need to tackle the real causes fuelling terrorism .
mr president , we have a definitive text , approved at the conciliation meeting of 17 april , which rounded off a long period of work .
i would ask you to observe a minute ' s silence .
question no 56 by sören wibe ( h-0511 / 98 )
finally , the third amendment refers to the review of catches .
fisheries partnership agreement between the ec and denmark and greenland ( debate )
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on thursday 14 march 2002 .
subject : demographics and development policy in africa
finally , the consequence of radical environmentalist perspectives is that restrictions on plant protection products will make way for gmos , which would not be desirable in europe .
my thanks also go to my personal assistant and to the staff of the groups : it takes many heads and many hands to do a good job .
all things considered , my group is in favour of starting negotiations with latvia and lithuania now. they have , after all , reached the point estonia was at in july 1997 .
until last week , libya was a member of the un human rights council. it has , rightfully , been removed. this is a very important precedent .
( the sitting was closed at 7.55 p.m. )
i therefore hope that the council will accept our proposals , and i believe that parliament must stand firm , as our fellow members have said , in particular mr piecyk .
( the sitting was suspended at 7.10 p.m. and resumed at 9 p.m. )
finally , is there an intention to draw up provisions which include the basic legal foundations for equality and nondiscrimination against boys , girls and women in the treaty of union ?
furthermore , production is highly concentrated in certain geographical areas. the social and economic consequences of the present situation will therefore be very serious .
the vote will take place at the end of the debates .
ladies and gentlemen , in accordance with rule 120 , paragraph 5 , the vice-president of the commission , mrs de palacio , now has the final word .
the energy crisis , mr president , is an environmental crisis ; it calls for emergency plans and binding policy measures. we need to pull out all the stops on renewable energy .
in writing . - ( ro ) i believe the italian government 's decision to fingerprint citizens of roma origin and , in particular , children , seriously infringes the fundamental rights of the european citizens .
intensify the militarisation of the eu ,
the vote will take place at midday on thursday , 17 february 2011 .
mr president , the ffh directive is an issue which has concerned us for some time now and we are currently experiencing a few teething problems .
question no 40 by mr gerard collins ( h-0246 / 97 )
if structures are actually created that lay down strategic environmental assessment in advance , then a quantum leap in the whole of environment policy would have been accomplished .
what does the commission intend to do to end these violations ? parliament has always supported the fight against illegal immigration , but only in compliance with fundamental rights .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12.30 p.m.
the next item is the vote .
the way forward in europe is for parliament to be fully involved in the decision-making process , and that will only be finally achieved by having codecision .
( text abbreviated in accordance with rule 137 ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure )
this is not to mention the subordinate role which the rapporteur unfortunately confers on national parliaments .
mr president , my name does not seem to be on yesterday 's attendance list although i did actually sign in .
we shall now proceed to the vote .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i wish to thank the swedish presidency for its work drafting the new justice and home affairs work programme .
the discussion on this item of the agenda will continue this evening at 6.00 p.m.
i agree with my fellow member entirely .
3. the return of cultural objects unlawfully removed from the territory of a member state ( codified version ) (
exceptionally , mr fatuzzo is not here today to give an explanation of vote on behalf of the italian pensioners .
in my opinion , we should be bolting the door against brussels ' creeping desire for ever more centralisation .
the report by mrs hautala tackles the subject of equality between men and women as regards access to employment .
the aim is to ensure better preparation for the many important executive decisions entrusted to the commission , through consultation with representatives from the national administrations .
mr mcmahon , we will see if this correction can be made but , as you know , this is a task that normally falls to the commission .
( the sitting was suspended at 11.47 a.m. and resumed at 12 noon . )
go on josé saramango foundation ! go on pilar del río !
the commission supports the conciliation text with particular satisfaction and i hope that parliament will ratify the positive result achieved by its negotiating team .
( fr ) mr president , in this time of crisis , we need a strong impetus at european level .
( the sitting was closed at 12.05 a.m. )
the letter is signed by my colleague professor trakatellis and me .
increasing penal sanctions against counterfeiting of the euro
i call on the commission to accept that that is the path for the future of the textile industry in europe .
the next point is the three draft resolutions on nicaragua .
mr president , i would like to share with the commissioner a concern i have on the current market situation in romania by giving him an example .
i have , of course , voted for the van velzen report in accordance with the social democrat line. but i have strong objections on a couple of points .
. mr president , the commission is in agreement with the oral amendment proposed .
monitoring the application of community law ( debate )
as they deal with the same subject , the following questions will be taken together :
i voted in favour of the report .
consequently , i am unable to support the present agreement reached between the council and parliament , and i regret that the commission proposal came to nothing .
united nations human rights commission in geneva
annual programme of the commission for 1997
the vote will take place today at 11.30 a.m.
the vote will take place tomorrow .
the vote will take place on thursday .
once again , i congratulate the rapporteur for raising this issue .
( ga ) mr president , thank you for giving me the opportunity to say a few words about the unusual flooding that happened in ireland at the weekend .
perfect , that is one in favour and one against. we thank the commissioner who does not want to speak. let us be brief and we will all move on .
finally , i would like to say that the best investment is an investment in the education of the young generation , and i mean lifelong education .
subject : dounreay nuclear reprocessing plant cover-up
mr president , i hope my presentation will be sufficiently brief to allow us to settle this matter .
mrs kauppi has the floor for a procedural motion .
the following three amendments are acceptable in part : 5 , 13 , 17 .
the uncritical bias towards the use of biofuels , with their serious consequences that have already been widely demonstrated ;
( pt ) the issue of the division or partition of kosovo is not in any way on the agenda , nor does it form part of the troika 's work .
madam president , i voted in favour of the censure motion because i do not wish to be an accomplice of the commission in this serious affair .
do not remain silent about the reasons why we support this treaty. we welcome it because it strengthens our citizens , our parliaments , democracy and the european union .
– mr president , ladies and gentlemen , very little progress has yet been made in the area of security and freedom , and certainly not enough for such a crucial issue .
( for results and other details of the vote : see minutes )
eventually , commissioner schreyer proposed eur 850 million , or 121 million annually , 5 million less to invest in the fight against poverty which we deem so important .
written declarations ( rule 116 ) : see minutes
the next item is the statement by the council on the situation in georgia .
question 50 by paul a.a.j.g. lannoye ( h-0793 / 02 ) :
poor working conditions for people working in the members ' cafeteria
in recent years , the agro-food industry has been marked by numerous epidemics , among which the most representative are certainly transmissible spongiform encephalopathies ( tse ) , commonly known as ' mad cow ' disease .
i have received four motions for resolutions tabled in accordance with rule 115 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure .
thank you very much , for your question , which gives me the opportunity to make it clear that this is the joint debate that we are talking about .
it is one thing to retain data on suspects , but hoarding data on innocent citizens is quite unacceptable .
( explanation shortened in accordance with rule 170 ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure )
5. eu action on oil exploration and extraction in europe ( vote )
mr president , i just want very briefly to explain the two amendments , for they are not so much political as technical .
the vote will take place at the end of the debates .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , mr morillon has made a comment under recital d in his report which should , i think , play an important role in this debate .
this parliament is merely consulted. its opinion is , in the words of mr turco , " no more than a costly bureaucratic exercise " .
( de ) mr president , i just wanted to make known that i shall not be participating in this vote .
in october , we will know what we are bound by. the polish president has solemnly declared that he will sign the treaty of lisbon after the irish referendum .
– mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i am speaking on behalf of the new italian socialist party and as a member of the committee on development .
mr president , mr metten could perhaps read my original speech in detail as i believe this would provide the answer to his question .
( the sitting was suspended at 14.10 and resumed at 15.00 )
the next item is question time ( b6-0207 / 2006 ) .
this is why , in the millennium round , europe must champion another vision of the organisation of commerce and world trade. to do so it must assert three main principles :
to end , i would remind the house that the current spanish government was not in power at that time in 1992 .
as far as the chinese authorities are concerned , i wholly agree with your words .
the vote will be taken tomorrow at 11.30 a.m.
i consider this to be an extremely important debate .
the votes cast were as follows :
( fr ) commission position on parliament 's amendments :
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , my group opposes this .
( pl ) mr president , first of all , i would like to congratulate the rapporteur , who has addressed a very important issue which is of great socio-political significance .
since the court cannot pass judgment unless his parliamentary immunity is waived , the public prosecutor of the portuguese republic has made a request to the european parliament accordingly .
furthermore , no one is fooled by the member states ' dependence , as has been mentioned , on russia for energy or by the political price that we have to pay .
i put to the vote the request by the group of the party of european socialists .
many scots have participated in eu programmes over the years , and it is important to build upon successful schemes .
the alde group will work for an open , green , safe and entrepreneurial europe , and in these areas we will support the commission 's work programme .
the next item is the report ( a5-0294 / 2003 ) by mr guido bodrato , on behalf of the committee on industry , external trade , research and energy , on european space policy .
i would like to consider this as a point of order , but , at this stage in the agenda , you only have one minute of speaking time .
– mr president , as i have to take the chair , i have swapped with mr simpson , who will be speaking later on behalf of our group .
it is also important to improve research into the effects and side-effects of these relatively new drugs , so that particularly dangerous substances are recognized in good time .
mr president , i thank you very much for your cooperation. as you will be in the chair , i am sure it will be an extremely good session .
in writing . - ( fr ) mrs oomen-ruijten 's report illustrates the autistic side of the leaders of brussels ' europe in their denials of the evidence : turkey is an asian country .
( the sitting was closed at 22.50 )
thank you very much , commissioner liikanen .
as the debate has shown , this is a fascinating subject. some questions remain unanswered , not all fears have been dispelled. this is a true compromise .
may god , the almighty and the merciful , bless us all .
finally , i want to recommend strongly that you support the idea of a policy that the middle east be a nuclear-free zone .
in writing . - we have opposed this legislation on the grounds that it is certain that :
in light of these considerations , i believe the eu must exercise extreme caution in embracing the biotechnology industry without the outmost care and precautions being in place .
that is why the meps of the communist party of greece voted against the report .
we shall now proceed to the vote .
the next item is the debate on six motions for resolutions on press freedom in kenya .
( the president cut off the speaker )
question no 59 by margrietus j. van den berg ( h-0508 / 02 ) :
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on 2 may 1998 .
- before the vote on the legislative resolution :
subject : western sahara - human rights
mr president , mr yiannitsis , president-in-office of the council , i wonder if you have noticed where the honourable members putting questions to you are seated ?
the rapporteur , mr macartney , will speak first for five minutes .
i should like to thank all members of the european parliament .
the answer is yes. i said that we would be considering the matter he has referred to .
the vote will take place today at 12 noon .
let me illustrate what i have in mind when i say ' comprehensive approach ' with a couple of examples .
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see minutes
( the sitting was closed at 23 : 55 )
the impact of the current increase in oil prices is highly significant for a european economy showing only weak signs of recovery .
mr president , i had asked , with the agreement of mr alavanos , to take over his question. is that not possible ?
that is why i said , commissioner , that i would urge the commission also to make a respectful political proposal to the european central bank .
b5-0078 / 2001 by mr sakellariou and others , on behalf of the pse group , on the ratification of the treaty of rome to establish the international criminal court .
mr president , the weakness of the stability pact has been one factor in this deepening economic crisis , which has grown into a credibility crisis .
for this reason , i welcome the commission 's proposal that there can be no sudden end to funding from brussels. this will have to be reduced gradually .
ladies and gentlemen , i should like to welcome a delegation from the national assembly of mauritania who have taken their seats in the official gallery .
we unreservedly support the condemnation in parliament 's resolution of the many anti-semitic attacks in europe on synagogues , jewish schools and cemeteries .
we have therefore decided to abstain in the final vote .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
innovation policy must address the great social problems that we are facing , bringing together all those involved .
finally - and i am just finishing - we ask that labour and environmental standards should under no circumstances be lowered within the framework of this agreement .
it is because of this regrettable reference to the lisbon strategy in particular that we have withdrawn our support for this resolution .
question no 6 by cecilia malmström ( h-0187 / 02 ) :
unlike the rapporteur , i do not believe that social problems in europe can be solved without taking into account price stability , cost reduction and budget deficit reduction .
mr viceconte 's report marks an important stage in the treatment on rare diseases. i support the proposal inviting the european community to become involved in research on these diseases .
have special public opinion soundings been taken in europe by population category ?
commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , first of all , i should like to congratulate our three fellow meps , messrs turmes , rapkay and mombaur on their sterling work .
if i may , i will start with the first of mr schnellhardt 's reports - on the horizontal measures covering the whole of the food sector .
b5-0097 / 2001 , by mr belder , on behalf of the edd group , on the human rights situation in chechnya ;
for all these reasons we have voted for the fiori report .
3. mobilisation of globalisation adjustment fund : technical assistance at the initiative of the commission (
mr schulz , we shall refer to this topic in due course , according to the order of business .
mrs swiebel has been very selective. we christian democrats will of course vote against this report , because mrs swiebel has failed in an important task of the european parliament .
the next item is the council and commission statements on the outcome of the eu-russia summit . ( 1 )
( applause from the left and protests from the right )
before the vote on amendments nos 85 and 99 :
the public funds spent by the eu can be better used in the member states. we believe that the member states ' contributions to the european union can be reduced .
hopefully this will pave the way for the sustainability of the banking sector in ireland , which is one of the necessary conditions for the recovery of its economy .
mr president , i would ask you to make the appropriate representations .
greater flexibility in the second pillar ;
secondly , mind and soul lie at the heart of our humanity ; they are something that defines the essence of humanity .
7. compliance with the charter of fundamental rights ( vote )
b5-0788 / 2001 by mulder , van den bos and malmström , on behalf of the eldr group ,
finally , we have agreed on the fact that all meetings on the partnership agreement should be postponed until the russians withdraw to their previous positions .
i have received six motions for resolutions , tabled pursuant to rule 37 ( 2 ) , to conclude the present statement .
iii ) to adopt national reduction plans for greenhouse gases by the end of 2001 ;
the commission is prepared to accept - with rewording - amendment nos 29 and 35 but it is not able to accept amendment no 7 .
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
i supported the tabling of amendments to exempt part-time stand-by boilers from the scope of the directive .
with 1.2 million road accidents in europe every year , regrettably some citizens will be victims of a car accident , as a driver , passenger or pedestrian .
situation of the world financial system and its consequences on the european markets ( debate )
i would like to thank again the rapporteur , dr sommer , and the shadow rapporteurs , for their great effort .
b5-0460 / 2000 by posselt , on behalf of the ppe-de group ;
the next item is the debate on six motions for resolutions concerning support for the special court for sierra leone .
we will take note of this .
since the emergence of this new situation we have been in constant contact with the key players .
all this , ladies and gentlemen , commissioner , is the real challenge facing the common fisheries policy from economic globalisation .
question no 16 by jonas sjöstedt ( h-0285 / 98 )
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
that is noted , mr crowley. in any event , i reiterate what i said earlier : i deem question time to have finished .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , thank you for your questions. firstly , i will reply to mr jarzembowski .
question no 10 by jonas sjöstedt , which has been taken over by herman schmid. question no 10 by jonas sjöstedt ( h-0542 / 02 ) :
firstly , we must make our new powers work. the commission and the heads of state have received interesting signals in this respect , notably concerning the iter project .
in this context , i agree that some of the recent actions of the chinese authorities are worrying , such as the adoption of the anti-secession law in relation to taiwan .
i was unaware that you possessed such a talent for rhapsody. you recited it very well .
in nicaragua the commission is contributing to the improvement of the education sector through budget support totalling eur 62.5 million .
we are looking at three areas : firstly , the future role and tasks of the commission ; secondly , the structures and operating methods of the commission , and thirdly , internal management .
the european council , when analysing the appropriate responses to the high oil price situation , underlines the importance of a sustainable and adequate tax framework .
that is why we vote. we have the chance to register our views .
divided into four specific programmes – cooperation , people , ideas and capacities – this framework programme will serve to boost european competitiveness and innovation .
. first of all , i thank mrs stihler for this important question. i fully share her concerns on this issue .
b5-0208 / 2001 , by mr staes , on behalf of the group of the greens / european free alliance , on human rights in turkmenistan .
protection of privacy has also been a priority , as has child protection : access providers must provide customers with free parental control software .
however , in my opinion it is essential to pool our human and material resources through europol in order to make the fight against these crimes more effective .
we need a constitution for the european union , and this constitution must start right now by including the charter of fundamental rights in the new treaty in nice .
on behalf of the s & d group . - mr president , this debate comes at a very timely juncture for tourism , the air travel industry and consumer protection .
does the commission intend to set up a mechanism to provide effective legal defence in cases where consumers suffer in spite of these measures ?
rapporteur . - ( fr ) madam president , i think the oral amendment was sent to you in writing .
para 47 : eurovignette : we understand the commission will come forward with a legislative proposal on the eurovignette in the future and we will reserve our position until then .
section iv - court of justice
european union annual report on human rights ( debate )
( the president cut the speaker off )
the use of processed animal protein in feed is banned in the eu under council decision 2000 / 766 / ec
the vote will take place on thursday , 17 february 2011 .
the vote will be on thursday .
at present , only a concerted action of all the member states can solve this issue of reciprocity regarding visas between the european union and the us .
the next item is the voting on objections concerning the debate on topical and urgent subjects of major importance .
i am optimistic about this as well and i would therefore encourage mr grosch to work towards making a success of that new element .
the vote will take place today , at 12 noon .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 : 30 .
that is what i can tell you. thank you very much. i think it was a very important debate .
therefore , despite a certain degree of progress , this report in its current form does not in our opinion meet this sector 's development needs .
- before the vote on amendment 8 :
the next item is the joint debate on
this very morning , president verhofstadt said that when europe speaks and speaks in unison , we are heard. we must therefore continue to exert pressure , ladies and gentlemen .
trips agreement and access to medicines ( debate )
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12.00 noon .
i congratulate the last french presidency on its plans for tough penalties across the eu on carriers illegally transporting third-country nationals into member states .
moreover , it is very difficult to estimate the long-term effects of projects financed by european funds and the impact of programmes which are implemented at the same time .
( fr ) madam president , i ask the members to allow me to take up a few minutes of their time .
clearly , if what is involved is providing an alternative to the withdrawal and distribution of products , free distribution should not become burdensome to the producer organisations .
we are in favour of member states concluding agreements with the economic actors concerned , so that the directive can be implemented flexibly .
i therefore propose on behalf of my group that this report be voted upon after the argyros report .
closer cooperation between eu member states in this matter will help creditors in the effective recovery of the money due to them .
– i am indignant at the conclusions of our rapporteur that these scientific exchanges cannot be affected by political considerations !
in writing . - ( ro ) the european union 's external borders , either land or sea borders , protect all member states from possible threats caused by illegal immigration , trafficking and organized crime .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i would first like to say a few words about the three agreements that we will be debating this evening .
the thun und hohenstein report criticises certain attitudes adopted in the past and calls for responsibility to be shared among member states and the commission .
that is the channel to be used , mr president. that is where the amendments should be included .
to conclude the debate , i have received one motion for a resolutiontabled in accordance with rule 110 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
question no 12 by olivier dupuis ( h-0752 / 98 )
question no 25 by gerard collins ( h-0364 / 99 )
( the sitting was closed at 5.35 p.m. )
as the author is not present , question no 20 lapses .
in this context , we can only vote against the report and reject the strategy proposed by the commission , hoping that it will not be approved by council .
i should like to say that a charter of fundamental rights is both welcome and essential , provided it does not fall into the following three traps .
the high-tech small businesses which , in the end , are the target of the risk capital action plan , are in short supply themselves .
mr president , i shall attempt to sum up .
( the sitting was opened at 8.30 a.m. )
the debate will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
– mr president , i should like to propose a change to the second part of paragraph 19 with the following verbal amendment :
i declare the 2010-2011 session of the european parliament adjourned .
secondly , why , prior to accession , was the situation in the new member states better than it is at present ?
i can assure you that we have no intention of lowering our ambitions , but instead will make sure that we work proactively for a good deal in copenhagen .
let me finally say a few words about other elements of the cooperation surrounding the common european security and defence policy .
i am in favour since it strengthens cross-border collaboration in the fight against terrorism and crime between the eu , iceland and norway .
i should like to say one last thing in my own language .
unfortunately this report fails to make the vital link between congestion and air traffic reduction and therefore misses a vital opportunity to address these problems in a lasting manner .
it fell because amendments 23 and 31 were adopted .
integrity of online gambling ( short presentation )
in order to eradicate poverty , first of all , radical policy changes are needed in both industrialised and developing countries so that the structural causes of poverty are removed .
it is important for the ban to be introduced on 1 january 2010. otherwise , we would undermine the whole idea of the export ban .
we hope that this progress will be achieved as soon as possible , and that the country will be given , among other things , a date when membership negotiations can commence .
again , mr president , thank you for your statement .
( de ) i would just like the official title of the advisory opinion of the international court of justice to be included .
ladies and gentlemen , the sitting is resumed and the next item on the agenda is the commission statement on patents for biotechnological inventions .
the question of eu policy in the western balkans ;
president obama even compared these new technologies to the space race and called it our generation 's sputnik moment .
( the speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under rule 149 ( 8 ) )
– motion for a resolution : rc-b6-0551 / 2005
the action plan for fisheries addresses threats from both traditional fisheries and aquaculture , and it complies entirely with the green paper on the future of the common fisheries policy .
mr president , i agree with mr tannock ’ s request to add to the agenda the debate on the report adopted in the working group yesterday on funding to the palestinian authority .
. i cannot say much more but i can elaborate a little bit .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 9 a.m.
mr president , i am going to have to interrupt this consensus debate , because i am afraid i cannot support mrs honeyball ’ s report .
2. structures for the management of the european satellite radio navigation programmes (
the next item is the statement by the president-in-office of the council on the programme of the dutch presidency , including the situation in serbia .
we have chosen to vote against the report as a whole , but have supported individual amendments in order , in our view , to improve the report .
b5-0210 / 2003 by mr gasòliba i böhm and others , on behalf of the group of the european liberal and democratic party , on human rights in guatemala ;
the vote will take place on wednesday at 12 noon .
eplp members voted in accordance with this approach , reflecting our concerns over the following areas :
mr matsakis , we shall all abide by the time we know has been given us .
economic and trade relations with korea ( debate )
the situation is too serious for us to be able to ignore this opportunity .
( the sitting was opened at 9 a.m. )
history , our history , would have been different without you .
görlach , mulder , graefe zu baringdorf , garot , goepel , fantuzzi and p. martin second reports ( a4-0229 / 99 , a4-0213 / 99 , a4-0231 / 99 , a4-0212 / 99 , a4-0232 / 99 , a4-0215 / 99 and a4-0223 / 99 )
i am sure that earlier information on such unpopular measures will enable labour market stresses to be defused and will unify the european union movement .
the next item is the report by maria badia i cutchet , on behalf of the committee on culture and education , on improving the quality of teacher education .
the commission has now proposed deleting the derogation for compound foodstuffs and having the option of fixing action thresholds below the maximum permitted limits in cases of real emergency .
in this respect i agree ...
( the sitting was closed at 1.15 p.m. )
i am trying to deal with this in a proposal before the commission at this time. it is important to remember that .
textile names and related labelling of textile products ( debate )
( it ) mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i believe that the european parliament is being called upon to confirm its approach , an approach of responsibility , vision and unity .
as the author is not present , question no 22 lapses .
subject : prior notice of radioactive shipments to en-route countries
as regards the nassauer report , i only want to say that it seems to me to be an excellent report and i agree with its contents .
( de ) mr president , i should like to join my fellow members who have specifically commended commissioner barrot and our rapporteurs mrs barsi-pataky and mrs niebler for their staying power .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11.30 a.m.
illegal , unreported and unregulated ( iuu ) fishing threatens this sustainability and calls into question the viability of the sector and fishing communities dependent on it .
as biofuels do not contain sulphur or aromatics , the overall pollutant content of fuels can be reduced , which satisfies the technical requirements of european car manufacturers .
( pl ) mr president , the conditions were not that favourable for speaking .
this is a sound report and i have therefore voted in favour of it .
i voted in favour of parliament 's resolution as i agree that :
we cannot wait , so please , what are the european external action service and the commission going to do about these things now ?
mr president , commissioner , i too would like firstly to congratulate the rapporteur , mr parish , on the work he has done in the committee on agriculture and rural development .
president. before proceeding to the explanations of vote , i have a series of points of order. i should like to give mr gorostiaga atxalandabaso the floor .
– mr president , ladies and gentlemen , we fully agree with the statements made by the commission and the council , as well as the rapporteur ’ s report .
thank you very much , mrs bjerregaard .
membership of committees and delegations : see minutes
our group tabled six amendments to mrs van putten 's report .
- thank you , i am sure that was the reason for the proposed amendment .
finally , i should like to congratulate mr baldarelli on his report which gains my group 's full support .
( the sitting was closed at 11.35 p.m. )
the next item is the statement by the president-in-office of the council on foot-and-mouth disease .
this is the first part of the three-part package to strengthen and address gaps in eu pharmaceutical legislation , and i believe it is a good first step .
europe cannot have it both ways. there is a lack of consistency , and it is to reverse this that i support mr cadec 's report .
member of the commission . - mr president , i shall be very brief because much has been said .
commissioner , we have time to clarify both the budget and the harmony of these regulations. i believe we are obliged to do so .
we shall now take the vote on the interpretation of the provisions applicable to the discharge procedure - annex v of the rules of procedure .
( for the results and other details on the vote : see minutes )
( parliament rejected the motion for a resolution ) - joint motion for a resolution
i would ask that the presidency look at this because that is clearly what should have happened. so , on those procedural points , i would like some answers .
mr van velzen , i have taken note of that. i recall that the president told you yesterday that she would attend to that .
another drawback is that the premium is based on deficiency payments. this is not acceptable to the wto and is therefore a barrier to negotiations in agricultural issues generally .
- ( de ) mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i am against the common position on including aviation activities in emission allowance trading for all kinds of reasons .
mr president , if one of our constituents fraudulently claims welfare benefits , they will be prosecuted and could go to prison .
rapporteur . - madam president , i am honoured to present the committee on foreign affairs report entitled ' kashmir : present situation and future prospects ' .
i see mr flynn is smiling , but it is true !
thank you very much , mr cohn-bendit. such good humour today !
we also do not wish to pre-empt this work by deciding now what should be in the new constitution , such as whether the charter should be included .
request for the waiver of the parliamentary immunity of mr brie
your objection remains important , however , and we will pass it on , but i must emphasise that the apologies of the french presidency were given in advance .
the vote will take place on wednesday , 24 october .
. mr president , i will keep my remarks short in order to keep in with the interpreters , whom i much admire .
… for the defence of the right to asylum and solidarity with saharawi refugees .
in recent years , events have led to a gradual awakening , which this debate shows has neither worn off nor lost its focus .
preparation of the european council meeting in tampere ( continued )
i appeal for something to be done about it .
however , we believe these matters are primarily ones for member states to pursue and not for the european union. we have therefore decided to abstain on this report .
ladies and gentlemen , i hope that you will vote in favour of this compromise for a common forestry strategy in the eu .
emissions trading is a new concept and there is understandable mistrust in some quarters. i hope that the green paper has gone some way towards overcoming this mistrust .
yes , ladies and gentlemen , everything remains. emotions and feelings remain , personally and politically speaking , and that is the most important human capital we have .
i call on the chinese government to release immediately all persons who have been arrested merely for participating in a peaceful protest .
subject : inclusion of the misteri d 'elx on the world heritage list
in addition , we see the option of reverting to article 272 of the treaty without binding new parliaments and new institutions as a very exciting one .
the debate is closed. the vote will be at 11.30 a.m. tomorrow .
the next item is a debate on
( the sitting was opened at 09 : 00 )
( the sitting was closed at 8.14 p.m. )
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting
i therefore voted against the motion for a resolution laying down measures for the implementation of common basic standards on aviation security ( introduction of liquids onto aircraft ) .
the eu ’ s task is to solve cross-border problems. one of these is the spread of infectious veterinary diseases. we are therefore voting in favour of the report .
the next item is the debate :
that is why the meps of the communist party of greece cannot vote in favour of the report ...
member of the commission . - i would like to start where the honourable member ended .
the report 's other worries about high costs per hectare of the tree planting programme also lead to doubts about how it is being implemented on the ground .
the vote will take place today , at 12.00 noon .
b5-0186 / 2003 by mr maaten on behalf of the group of the european liberal democratic and reform party on the situation in cambodia prior to the general election .
i hereby declare that parliament has completed its agenda .
mr president , commissioner , if i take a little more than four minutes , i will make my concluding remarks shorter so that i do not overrun my six minutes .
13. appointment of the chairperson of the european supervisory authority ( european banking authority )
i am approaching my conclusion. there are still two points on which we still differ , and which are causing a problem at the committee stage .
minimum social rights must be established across the eu , on the right to work and on social protection for example .
i think the only weapon we have here is the strength of our convictions .
( en ) ' in the implementation of the programme , priority shall be given to small enterprises with up to 100 employees . '
( the sitting was closed at 11.50 p.m. )
mr president , madam commissioner , mr rübig has portrayed ngos in a way that , in my opinion , does not always correspond to reality .
labour meps have therefore voted in favour of this report and remain supporters of the principles of family reunification .
madam president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , you have already provided some information , commissioner , but i would like more details .
before the vote on amendment no 24 :
mobilisation of the european globalisation adjustment fund would benefit eight different enterprises and save 598 jobs. i have therefore voted in favour of this report .
as regards the functioning of the car service , we need to re-evaluate it to see if it provides a satisfactory service to members while guaranteeing value for money .
( sk ) madam president , if the european union is to boost competitiveness and become a world leader in innovation , its creative potential must be adequately secured .
the next item on the agenda is the report ( a5-0360 / 2001 ) by mrs weiler on behalf of the committee for employment and social affairs on :
we strongly appreciate and thank parliament for agreeing to handle this matter as urgent. that will prevent a situation of legal uncertainty in january 2008 .
( the president cut the speaker off )
the vote will take place today at 12 noon .
if not , how can the discontinuation of the initiative with effect from 2002 be justified ?
we therefore call for this situation to be tackled using an effective and impartial mechanism enabling emergency measures at eu level .
my group wishes to congratulate mr kindermann on the quality of his report on industrial fisheries .
subject : disparities in driver blood-alcohol limits in eu member states
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
the proposal for a regulation of the european parliament and of the council amends the existing regulation on bluefin tuna ( thunnus thynnus ) catch documentation .
– mr president , while welcoming commissioner kinnock to the house i respectfully request a full explanation for commissioner prodi 's absence from the house this morning .
i think the ppe group may have asked for a resolution , but i do not know whether i have been correctly informed .
• funding exclusively in the form of non-repayable grants ( cash allowance )
mr president , speaking as the coordinator for the socialist group , i want to address my remarks to three of the reports before us today .
has the commission already received the environmental impact study which the spanish authorities , at the meeting of 4 december , promised to forward before the end of january ?
the following questions are addressed to the commission .
i wished to register my protest and i hope to receive a written reply as soon as possible .
this report is based on incorrect facts .
composition of committees and delegations : see minutes
( the sitting was suspended at 11.00 a.m. and resumed at 11.35 a.m. )
a continuation of the status quo is unacceptable , as is any effort to resolve the conflict or influence the negotiations by using force , or even the threat of force .
mr president , transatlantic relations are essential if the united states and the european union are to deal with their shared challenges successfully .
lastly , we must work to ensure that these provisions are swiftly adopted and implemented , which will , i am sure , contribute to restoring european consumer confidence in food .
finally , if the people of belarus so wish , we must also offer them the prospect of possible eu membership in the longer term .
the oral question that we are debating expresses grave reservations about funding petrol or coal-related projects. i would like to make a number of comments .
nevertheless , mr president , this plan against social exclusion is very welcome .
madam president , it is a factual issue. we simply wish to remove the words ' in croatia ' . i do not believe it is controversial with the other groups .
i give the green light to these measures and look forward to a more pleasant bus ride home from bolton town centre after a saturday afternoon 's shopping spree .
( el ) thank you for your reply , commissioner. i have the feeling that you are speaking more as a commissioner for international trade and less as the commissioner for agriculture .
respect for the principle of equal opportunities and assurance of the principles of partnership and innovative action ;
14 . 2009 progress report on the former yugoslav republic of macedonia (
mr president , the agreement that has been reached on the climate action and renewable energy package is a modest result .
( the president cut off the speaker . )
are there any objections ? it seems not to be the case so we will proceed with the vote on amendment 1 by roll-call vote .
the vote will be taken at 6.30 p.m.
shipments of waste to non-oecd countries
it is in this context that the commission has presented a proposal for a new regulation , which the members are trying to improve .
i abstained from the vote on mr brok ' s report because the fundamental question of our peoples ' agreement to emu was never raised .
what reprisals mights the european community take in order to end this trade ( beginning with the suspension of all aid and cooperation programmes ) ?
only a framework and a proper , targeted contribution can encourage these alternative methods. but whatever it is , animal experiments in the cosmetics sector must stop - and now !
does the commission agree that payments should be reviewed if a region has been receiving structural funding for years without this resulting in it meeting the targets set ?
another eur 200 million – which is a lot of money – has been set aside for this year .
- ( fr ) mr president , europe has been a pioneer before , and it wants to continue to act as a bridgehead in copenhagen .
other speakers raised more specific questions regarding the peripheral areas .
terrorism is an attack against us all : it attacks the very fabric of our democratic society .
secondly , grooming , that is to say online psychological manipulation with the aim of soliciting children for sexual purposes , should be considered a criminal offence in all member states .
the vote will be taken at the end of the debates .
in our view , all this represents a new and costly form of bureaucracy being imposed on member states .
commissioner , you do not have to apologise. you were very precise and it was very interesting. i can assure you that mr barrot spoke for much longer !
mr president , at the brussels european council , europe ’ s leaders quite clearly gave up on the idea of setting immigration quotas according to nationality .
we also noticed that the samland report won a favourable opinion in the institutional committee even though that item never figured on its agenda .
( parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
written statements ( rule 116 ) : see minutes
my last observation is that we should not all point the finger at particular member states. these pictures came from trieste , but in this case trieste could be anywhere !
thirdly , increased gas storage capacity is crucial for the operability of the solidarity mechanism .
reports and evidence of torture , humiliation and abuse are not just increasing , but they are becoming increasingly frequent and alarming .
i would therefore urge the commission to condemn homophobia and to set up legal and political mechanisms so that this problem will one day be confined to history .
abolition of the death penalty in japan , south korea and taiwan
4. recovery plan for bluefin tuna in the eastern atlantic and the mediterranean ( vote )
mr president , we are seeing in europe a constant increase in extremist , nationalist and populist movements that endanger our democratic system .
the next item is the debate on seven motions for resolutions on burma - conduct of elections and the release of opposition leader aung san suu kyi .
i know the committee on agriculture tells us that we are having the wrong debate in defending an increase in the budget in the context of these reports .
the vote will take place on tuesday at 11.30 .
we shall proceed to the vote on the proposal of the socialist group in the european parliament to replace the item on bangladesh with the issue of burma .
the minutes of yesterday 's sitting have been distributed .
the next item is the debate on :
- before the vote on amendment 8 :
( the president cut off the speaker )
( el ) mr president , we , as the european union , are being called upon - even now - to redraft our strategy for the important sector of textiles and clothing .
what action will the council take to ensure the adequacy and quality of care services ?
this is because , ladies and gentlemen , the capacity to enter the sector swiftly with quality , standardised products will determine the future leaders in a highly competitive market .
( mr guardans cambó continued to insist )
the vote will take place immediately .
that concludes questions to the commission .
i totally oppose these policies ; they damage the interests of my constituents. that is why i will be re-elected in london in 2009 , and mr tannock may not be .
whilst being in favour of progress , in this area as in others , we abstained .
- before the vote on amendment 17
mr president , i wanted to vote in favour of that , but my machine was not working !
the next item is the council and commission statements on belarus .
finally , the european union must demand that the government fulfil its responsibility to guarantee the security of the citizens and of the new parliament .
( fr ) it is an addition. thank you .
mr hänsch wishes to raise a point of order .
debates on cases of breaches of human rights , democracy and the rule of law ( announcement of motions for resolutions tabled ) : see minutes
we should remember that we have to put yalta behind us , and likewise munich agreements and ribbentrop-molotov pacts !
i am committed to working hard in the forthcoming interinstitutional negotiations and encouraging a conciliation process aimed at achieving an effective consensus between parliament and the council .
fourthly , i would like to be informed of why the commission does not choose to apply the invalidity penalty in the case of evident infringements of the competition rules .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
8. financial , economic and social crisis : recommendations concerning the measures and initiatives to be taken (
. i understand your great interest in this very specific area because it is so important to keep rural areas populated .
what progress is being made with the initiative to share the burden of staffing in connection with sudden refugee movements , and also movements of asylum-seekers ?
mr president , i support the ' six-pack ' , but because of this point i will abstain from voting on the wortmann-kool report .
draft agreement with south africa ( b4-0222 / 99 )
what we want is to integrate the directive into national law and , most importantly , for it to be accepted by the social partners , by employers and employees .
there are very good grounds for opposing the eu 's current joint organisation of the banana market .
however , every well-meaning person must be wondering :
now , let us leave aside the internal political situation to focus on the outcome of the belgian presidency .
the next item is the statements on measures to be taken to free nobel peace prize laureate liu xiaobo .
the minutes of yesterday 's sitting have been distributed .
( fr ) madam president , since i only have one minute i will get straight to the point .
prime minister , work to ensure that people feel at home again in europe. there are no miracle cures , but there are key words : information , democratic involvement and transparency .
i would like to conclude by thanking parliament for its encouragement and support for our work on this important dossier .
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see minutes
estimates of the european parliament for 2002
what progress has been made towards a free trade agreement between the eu and south africa ? question no 46 by alex smith ( h-1007 / 96 )
with regard , more specifically , to possible accession by turkey to the european union , we should not forget that the real issue of europe 's borders remains unresolved .
question time should now commence , as the president-in-office of the council is scheduled to leave at 7 p.m.
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12.15 p.m.
b5-0490 / 2001 by mr van hecke and others , on behalf of the group of the european people ' s party ( christian democrats ) and european democrats ;
the vote will take place at 5.30 p.m.
( the president cut off the speaker )
( the sitting was suspended at 1.20 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
are there any other comments about the minutes ?
the order of business for this week is thus established .
( b5-0161 / 2002 ) by mr pasqua , on behalf of the union for europe of the nations group , on the case of mr hamma hammami ( tunisia ) ;
in particular , we ask that the consent of victims to their exploitation be considered irrelevant , in view of the high level of blackmail involved in these circumstances .
for this , however , more information will be needed and , consequently , information and analyses by members of parliament are welcome .
( the sitting was suspended at 11.58 a.m. for the formal sitting and resumed at 12.35 p.m. )
the next item is the commission statement on railway safety , including the european signalling system .
the next item is the debate on the council and commission statements on the fourth united nations conference on the least developed countries .
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on friday , 15 december 2000 .
this report ought to be promoting regional business cycles. that is why i can and must say that it needs to be completely revised to that effect .
( de ) madam president , european climate policy should leave its reverie behind and take note of the international realities .
- before the vote on paragraph 37 :
just to repeat what my colleague , poul nielson , stated yesterday , the commission 's position on the amendments is as follows .
( parliament rejected the motion for a resolution ) - joint motion for a resolution on the conclusions of the european council meeting in feira on 19 and 20 june 2000
abuses of power are still rife , in particular among certain political and military factions in various regions of the country .
do you have specific proposals with regard to the public / private partnerships and how they can be utilised outside of the stability and growth pact to benefit trans-european networks ?
( the sitting was opened at 9.05 a.m. )
subject : co2 emissions from new motor vehicles
mr president , i would like to thank all of those who have taken part in the preparation of this report .
mr president , when president pastrana appeared before this parliament he committed himself to working for peace in his country , but he forgot to mention three quite important issues .
firstly , maltese consumers should have the right to continue watching national stations that are free to view without being charged .
( the sitting was suspended at 7.35 p.m. and resumed at 9 p.m. )
we now continue with the vote .
in melilla , as in estremadura and in portugal , considerable human and material losses have been caused .
to conclude , let me congratulate the european parliament on its important contribution to the effort to combat climate change , and salute mr florenz for his excellent work .
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , the third summit between the european union and africa is a fundamental opportunity to consolidate relations between the two parties .
this is a call to the commission - we want measures to reduce private motoring and meat consumption so that we have more grain to feed people !
i take note of that for the opening of tomorrow 's sitting , mrs kinnock .
the esf is one of the key tools at our disposal in reaching the europe 2020 headline targets , particularly those on employment , education and poverty reduction .
– mr president , i should like to ask the council what happened to gothenburg and what now remains of gothenburg , because in my view the answer is : very little .
- cristiana muscardini , on behalf of the uen group , on iran ( b6 0124 / 2004 ) .
i should like to thank mrs morgan , mr langen and mr seppänen for their excellent reports and the whole parliament for this debate .
amendment no 1 , dealing with the reformed structural funds in the european union vocational programme , is very useful , and i welcome that .
anyone who calls for tolerance must also show tolerance to those who practise a christian faith .
mr president , today ’ s debate on human rights violations relates to the impunity of various former heads of african states accused of dictatorship and of barbaric methods of rule .
written declarations included in the register ( rule 116 ) : see minutes
i put to the vote that we move the debate on chechnya to 3 p.m. instead of 5 p.m.
i am sorry , mr president , i cannot carry on with this disruption .
pursuant to rule 103 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure , i have received two motions for resolution .
many thanks , mr juncker , not only for this report , but also for your committed work on this matter as president of the eurogroup .
in my opinion , projects such as this should also receive very significant support in the future. thank you .
( the president cut the speaker off )
( the sitting was suspended at 19.05 and resumed at 21.00 )
13. general revision of the rules of procedure (
in writing . ( pl ) mr president , i am voting in favour of edit herczog 's report on discharging the budget of the european air safety agency for 2005 .
i supported amendment 170 in order to put down a marker that there is a need to control the issue of marketing of unhealthy foodstuffs to children .
subject : medical support across the eu
international civil aviation organisation ( icao ) : air transport and the environment
however , we still run the risk of insistence on national sovereignty resulting in global anarchy .
( the sitting was closed at 6.55 p.m. )
what i would have liked to see was a commitment on the proposals indicated in my group ' s motion such as :
you are quite right to point that out. speakers were present but the committee concerned had withdrawn this item .
we have therefore voted against this report .
mr putin , ' mafia ' is not a russian expression , but organizovanniye zhuliki is too often our impression of your country .
president-in-office of the council . ( fi ) mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the council has noted the european parliament 's resolution on trade and economic relations between the eu and india .
6. capital adequacy of investment firms and credit institutions ( implementing powers conferred on the commission ) ( vote )
the report by mrs aubert covers the most important aspects of the problem which need to be examined , such as :
finally , let us not forget astronomy and space exploration. i would like to hear a bit more about the european southern laboratory .
the next item is the debate on six motions for resolutions on access to humanitarian aid in kashmir ( 1 ) .
the problem of developing countries ' debt was on the agenda of the annual conference of the international monetary fund and world bank in hong kong in september .
let us open up our markets , let us aim our aid at encouraging trade and development rather than just aid money .
situation of the roma in italy ( debate )
mr morris , i regret to say that is not a point of order. you have every opportunity of participating through your group in the normal way .
the turkish government is also asked to respect pluralism and religious diversity in a secular democratic state .
can the european parliament give up hope of ever finding a democratic . . .
the joint debate is closed .
i am also much obliged to the british presidency. i cannot imagine that it has received much praise over the last six months , but here it is deserved .
no , mr baco , there has been a very clear majority of votes against. we have therefore taken the correct decision .
preparation for the european council meeting ( 24-25 march 2011 ) ( debate )
very briefly i would highlight the main recommendations of the report .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 9.30 a.m.
. ( de ) the commission proposal for facilitating more extensive financial corrections is to be welcomed .
b5-0732 / 2001 by mrs maes , mrs mckenna and mr rod , on behalf of the verts / ale group , on the human rights situation in nigeria ;
criticism of surveys on gmos , reminder that it is impossible to implement coexistence , support for the precautionary principle ( amendment 30 )
subject : possible exports of beef from the united kingdom in contravention of the embargo
there can be no more enlargements until the lisbon treaty comes into force .
the ' green economy ' is being designed so that , on the pretext of combating climate change , new profitable sectors of activity can be opened up for capital .
turkey has not even fixed a precise timetable for fulfilling the political criteria of copenhagen .
no military solution to the israeli-palestinian conflict is possible .
mr fabre-aubrespy , on a point of order .
b5-0082 / 2002 by mrs sauquillo pérez del arco and mr van den berg on behalf of the group of the party of european socialists ,
the vote will take place at 12 noon .
this is the only solution to avoid the migration of a large amount of agricultural production and the jobs and wealth that go with it .
the eu must therefore get on track now to ensure that mountain farmers , and thus the entire alpine region , can have a decent future after 2013 .
the proposed framework decision will implement the following solutions :
. on granting discharge to the european centre for the development of vocational training ( thessaloniki ) for the 1998 financial year [ c5-0149 / 2000 - 2000 / 2093 ( dec ) ]
( the president cut off the speaker )
madam president , even at this late time of the day , listening to the debate , i feel the need to say just three things .
let me end by inviting those honourable members who are interested to take part in a demonstration of the system on 31 march .
working together , we can achieve more .
slovenia submitted an application to join the european union in june 1996. the commission recommended that negotiations commence for its accession .
of the european eco-label as a guarantee of quality for consumers and companies , because consumers are placing increasing value on corporate social responsibility in their buying decisions .
subject : dispute between armenia and turkey on 11 december 1999 the council accepted turkey ' s application for accession to the european union .
interoperability training for national firefighting teams ;
with moves to open up banking across borders , how does the european commission intend to protect its citizens / consumers , given the experience with equitable life ?
in conclusion , mr president , i would like to say that i therefore also support the commission 's approach in first setting up trials before bringing forward a proposal .
( b5-0453 / 2002 ) by mr gasòliba i böhm and mrs sanders-ten holte , on behalf of the group of the european liberal , democrat and reform party , to the commission on mercosur ,
the resources that are released under the hipc initiative are to be used to fight poverty in accordance with the countries ' own poverty strategies .
i am opposed to the exploitation of the human body , or of human body parts , for commercial gain .
mr president , we must never forget that our task here is to build , all together , a europe based on the freedom of the citizens .
consequently , this is what i would like to ask my colleagues and parliament to support during the voting .
the commission found reasons for the lack of success - the system is too tough , too expensive and too complex - and has proposed acceptable simplifications .
i regret that this house has not followed me in doing this .
the amendments on the eu strategy on afghanistan also contributed to improving the structure of the report .
thirdly , that we in this way are not only treating the members equally but above all , the citizens we represent .
in any event , the balance between these two aspects should be defined by or with the member states and the regions , and not by the commission .
in the meantime , i understand that i need to speak further away from the microphone .
b5-0555 / 2002 by mr thomas mann , on behalf of the ppe-de group , on the situation in nepal ;
7. policy priorities in the fight against illegal immigration of third-country nationals ( vote )
is this also being distributed ? is it available , because i have noticed that many meps have not seen this text ?
( es ) mr president , commissioner , may i also wish mrs kroes a swift recovery .
madam president , you can consult any other internal body and , in particular ...
how do you aim to incorporate the idea of environmental education , not included in the priorities for the ' spanish presidency programme : more europe ' , in your proposals ?
before the vote - concerns paragraph 3 :
the commission will transmit to the sessional services of the european parliament the detailed position on the amendments , including those not covered by the council compromise .
proposal for a council regulation - set-aside for year 2008 ( c6-0302 / 2007 )
similarly , it is the people who are against war and in favour of peace that are with us .
( the president cut off the speaker . )
thank you , mr bangemann. we all share in that hope .
( the formal sitting was closed at 12.28 p.m. )
to wind up the debate , six motions for resolution ( 1 ) have been tabled under rule 103 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
for this reason , we oppose the blanket call for the introduction of a minimum wage in all the member states , as originally expressed in paragraph 14 of the report .
this report deals with the community ’ s strategy for promoting the very important objective of achieving equality between men and women .
18. protection and conservation of the marine environment : marine strategy directive ( vote )
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
is energy a ' common asset ' or just a commodity ? to what extent is the nuclear risk acceptable ?
mrs maij-weggen and mr sacrédeus , it goes without saying that , in our view , freedom of religion is one of the fundamental rights and freedoms .
i regret to say that i wish things could have been different. you have not convinced us. you have not even made a serious attempt to convince us .
firstly : enlargement of the eu - from copenhagen to copenhagen. a decision on enlargement of the eu will be made at the summit in copenhagen in december .
the next item is question time ( b6-0224 / 2006 ) .
mr president , i will speak briefly and avoid using any euphemisms .
how else are we to interpret the abolition of a country ' s right of veto when its vital national interests are at stake ?
i must commend the efforts made and the work carried out by the humanitarian organisations. progress has been achieved and millions of lives have been saved .
and thirdly , a society that values entrepreneurship .
the british conservatives are opposed to the principles of the report for the reasons outlined above .
complaints have been formally brought to the attention of the irish , spanish and uk authorities .
i share this view and believe that these measures can be taken by each country which has introduced the euro without any contribution from the eu budget .
( the president cut off the speaker )
mr president , i would like once again to thank mr blokland for the work he has done .
( nl ) mr president , as i have already said , i am not going to go into the specifics of every point. we have taken very careful note of everyone 's wishes .
subject : reform of the common agricultural policy and farm animal welfare
mr president , i thank all the speakers in today 's debate for their very interesting interventions .
( the sitting was closed at 11 p.m. )
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting
mr lópez garrido , commissioner , i would hope that you will take this seriously and discuss these matters with the us representatives in the dialogues you mentioned .
human rights remain a dead letter in other countries as well ; other countries also have weapons of mass destruction - iran , pakistan , north korea and india for example .
i do not know if there is still time for you to allow me to put question no 13 .
i voted in favour of the striffler report because there is still a great need to emphasise the importance and , hence , the sensitivity of this issue .
mr president , i am a real person who is going to talk about real issues !
the citizens of our common europe will be more ready to accept and appreciate that europe if we take more account of their legitimate interests .
the vote will take place on thursday at 10.00 a.m.
the glaring accounting deficiencies in the commission which first came to light in the spring of 2002 encourage fraud and carelessness .
the vote on the report by mr josé manuel fernandes will take place tomorrow at 12 : 00 .
i very much look forward to hearing the views expressed during this debate .
mr president , i would ask you to grant me the minute of patience i require to explain my position in accordance with the rules of procedure .
these standards of protection naturally also apply to radioactive waste. in this context , the elimination , recycling , or re-use of radioactive substances or matter containing radioactive substances require prior authorization .
( nl ) congratulations to the rapporteur , mr van hecke , for a good report. i also thank the commissioner for a particularly sound staff working paper for accra .
subject : coordination between the eu and unesco for the return of the elgin marbles
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting
the first conclusion concerns the unsustainable imbalances in the financial sector of the european economy and the distortions in its real economy .
sars , however , demonstrates very clearly that we are living in a truly global environment , where the increasing mobility of people also enables diseases to move ever more freely .
the report by mrs hautala on the quality of petrol and diesel presents serious economic consequences for agricultural and forestry holdings .
as you know , there are two models for this : either the people directly elect the commission president or the commission president is elected by the two chambers of parliament .
we must aim at common training rules to guarantee equivalent safety levels for all europe 's citizens. all steps in that direction are to be encouraged .
millions of europeans are doomed to unemployment , social problems and housing difficulties. they are the ones with whom we should primarily be concerned .
as the time allotted to question time has elapsed , questions nos . 54 to 92 will be answered in writing
twenty seconds for mr kelly , for a very brief rejoinder .
. mr president , i have to thank the european parliament for this debate , which has been , as always , very colourful , interesting and pertinent , as well as wide-ranging .
this objective should be achieved with intensified collection , exchange and analysis of information , and with optimal utilisation of the member states ' maritime and air facilities .
could i ask colleagues who have problems with this to contact me in my office here as soon as possible .
iceland 's application for membership of the european union ( debate )
that , commissioner , is the basic , fundamental issue : consistency in human rights terms between the eu 's foreign and domestic policies .
i also very much support what mrs read said on this and would go along with her .
the commission has no jurisdiction to deal with this matter. it is solely for the national authorities concerned .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
( the president cut the speaker off )
in writing . - ( de ) i am voting in favour of timothy kirkhope 's report on the code of conduct for computerised reservation systems .
the commission has opened infringement proceedings against those member states that have failed to notify measures. we will pursue these proceedings vigorously .
adoption of single currency by greece ( continuation )
it is the commission 's task here not to protect free trade but to protect those who suffer in the name of free trade .
mr böge , if i understand you right , you want rule 131 to be applied. does anyone oppose that ?
for the above-mentioned reasons , i have voted against the report in today ’ s vote .
what is the issue ? the issue is that producers in the sector feel abandoned .
mr president , mrs van lancker 's report deals with an issue of particular concern to the committee on women 's rights and my political group and to each of us individually .
common organization of the market in hops
( explanation of vote abbreviated in accordance with rule 137 ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure ) .
you do not really need to listen at all , just do as i suggest , that will make things perfectly simple !
these guidelines provide for projects of common interest. and the trans-european telecommunications networks cover the three levels that are involved : applications , basic services and basic networks .
as i do not believe that the new union for the mediterranean will be any more successful than its predecessor organisation , i have voted against this report .
( the sitting was closed at 11.30 p.m. )
my political group calls for the whole of the finance chapter of the draft constitution to be taken as an indivisible and non-negotiable whole .
the vote will be taken at 11.30 a.m. tomorrow .
ladies and gentlemen , that is our objective .
in writing . - this report allows for the bridging of the internal market gap for hydrogen vehicles , having in mind the imperatives of consumer protection .
the next item is the council and commission statements on immigration , the role of frontex , and cooperation among member states .
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , it is with some satisfaction that i present this report on tax and development to you tonight .
question no 8 by per gahrton ( h-0758 / 96 )
we austrians are committed europeans , and we intend to stay that way !
we have all got to work together to overcome this problem and prevent the civil unrest and misery that could arise from it .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 p.m.
i think it very important , mr president-in-office , that you should bear this point of view in mind as you set to work .
i regret that this text is broadly in the spirit of openness to competition , which we denounced when we rejected the treaty of lisbon .
the compromise motions that we will be voting on tomorrow send a clear signal away from the co2 hysteria and towards greater road safety .
mr president , i wanted to draw your attention to an article which has appeared in the european parliament magazine. it is entitled : ' the eplp 's selection controversy ' .
the text of the motion for a resolution on the international financial crisis is very disappointing .
- the fight against xenophobia and racism , and against all policies and distorted views feeding these attitudes , to be stepped up ;
these principles , however , have yet to be anything more than good intentions .
i believe that , as mr elchlepp has already stated , this can go some considerable way to helping third countries meet the environmental standards that were set jointly in kyoto .
i declare the session of the european parliament adjourned .
it is now time for europe to speak with one voice on energy , because we face serious threats to security of supply , transit and investment .
( pt ) i want to congratulate the commissioner on his statements stressing the importance of nuclear energy and its absolute transparency .
questions on any subject on behalf of political groups .
( the president cut off the speaker )
the debate about the new head of the european central bank must not detract from the achievements to date in bringing about a new european single currency .
thank you very much , mr bolkestein .
excuse me mr kowal , but you have spoken for one minute and 44 seconds instead of your allotted minute .
president of the commission . - regarding the insinuation you are making , i really cannot comment. if i were the person involved , i would take the matter to the courts .
having said this , i thank mr sterckx for his persistence in this difficult undertaking , in which he has had to fight a battle .
' that access to water has an enormous influence on development ' ;
( parliament adopts the motion from the group of the european people 's party ( christian democrats ) and european democrats ) .
however , the amendments proposed by the rapporteur go some way towards reducing the level of overlap between this new proposal and existing legislation and this is to be welcomed .
in this respect , we think it would be preferable to ensure that community decisions do not work against the economic and social cohesion of our countries .
ensuring continuity and reliability of its services in european transport corridors and conurbations ;
i should like to thank you , commissioner , and all the speakers in that important debate .
19. directive on mediation in the member states (
i have received five motions for resolutionstabled in accordance with rule 106 ( 4 ) of the rules of procedure .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , we therefore ask for your help to preserve and promote this important cultural heritage of winemaking .
president. we now come to the vote on the joint resolution on linguistic diversity .
voting will take place on wednesday , 16 january 2008 .
mobilisation of the european globalisation adjustment fund can save 129 jobs in nine different enterprises. i have therefore voted in favour of this report .
i would like to congratulate mr hatzidakis once again and express my gratitude for his work as well as that of the other speakers .
i look forward to hearing full answers to these crucial questions at the end of this debate .
in writing . - ( de ) it was not possible to give a roll-call vote on paragraph 29 , as i was actively prevented from doing so by the usher .
as regards the more specific proposals put forward by the commission , i have several comments to make .
the next item is the statement by the president of the commission on the multiannual financial framework .
that concludes question time. questions not taken for lack of time will be answered in writing .
that is our responsibility , and it has been my pleasure to explain myself on this subject to you tonight .
i do intend , in any case , to keep a close eye on this matter .
even with a banking hangover , iceland , like britain , remains better off outside. no fooling there !
flexibility in the organization of working hours that will not infringe on workers ' basic rights could form part of an integrated solution to unemployment .
european monitoring centre on racism and xenophobia
( parliament 's calendar of part-sessions for 2004 was thus established )
i very much welcome the extended application of the precautionary principle to food and feed imports into the eu as a contribution to better consumer protection .
( the sitting was suspended at 1.05 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
we are talking about the protection of our children , and that must be our overriding interest at all times .
subject : customs levy imposed by ukraine on humanitarian aid
may i thank you again , mr langen , and wish parliament equal success in future with conciliation !
b5-0645 / 2000 , by mr sakellariou and mr veltroni , on behalf of the group of the party of european socialists , on tibet
mr president , i freely admit that i have room for improvement .
subject : charter of eu fundamental rights and a tightening up of aliens policy in various member states of the eu
tolerance is at the heart of intercultural dialogue. tolerance does not mean indifference. tolerance means putting forward our own points of view and hearing and respecting other people 's convictions .
mrs lulling , clearly this will be taken into account , because some members are having difficulty in being admitted to parliament .
i give mrs oomen-ruijten the floor to move the request for referral back to committee of this report .
in my view , therefore , this report fails to set out a forward-looking strategy for the european union .
explanations of vote -daul report ( a5-0081 / 2001 )
mr böge has the floor for a point of order .
i am also delighted with the proposed measures to provide more information to pregnant women on the risks associated with alcohol consumption during pregnancy .
as for environmental measures , we have been paying the starch industry to take such measures for 20 years. i think they should have been taken by now .
does the council have any strategy for this sensitive region ? does it intend to operate a policy designed to safeguard peace and security in the region ?
agenda for next sitting : see minutes
this parliament report deserves my support .
( pl ) mr president , i fully support the programme for lifelong learning in the union .
there is no evidence that the americans are treating them cruelly or inhumanely , and we should support them rather than engage in speculative and ill-informed criticism .
b5-0436 / 2000 by malmström and ries , on behalf of the eldr group ;
ladies and gentlemen , i have encountered a difficulty .
mr president , the report by our colleague remains very quiet about the serious imbalance that characterises the economic and trade relations between the european union and the united states .
i would ask members only to raise points of order , because the other commissioners and members need to take part in question time .
( the explanation of vote abbreviated pursuant to rule 163 of the rules of procedure )
b5-0075 / 2002 by mr brie on behalf of the confederal group of the european united left / nordic green left ,
‘ calls on the commission and the member states to develop the necessary comprehensive measures in order to support schemes , as a way of supplementing existing national pension systems ’ .
i would appreciate it if the presidency of the parliament could reconsider how these resolutions are dealt with in future .
thank you , commissioner , we are behind you .
i support this report strongly , except for paragraph 28 , with which i cannot agree : i do not believe tax measures should be raised in a health-based report .
mr president , i should like to thank the president-in-office of the council and the commissioner for their contributions so far .
forwarding of texts adopted during the sitting : see minutes
– i have received six motions for resolutions in accordance with rule 108 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure .
on behalf of the hungarian people , i would like to thank you for that .
8. seventh and eighth annual reports on arms exports ( vote )
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on thursday , 22 october 2009 .
b5-0738 / 2001 , tabled by mrs frassoni and others , on behalf of the verts / ale group , on the effects of hurricane " michelle " in cuba ;
however , measures to this effect will require an amendment to regulation no 805 / 68 on the common organization of the market in beef , and certain amendments to implementing provisions .
it is of vital importance to establish what steps the council proposes to take to provide smes with steady access to funding at this time of financial crisis .
i would congratulate the rapporteur on the fact that her report has been unanimously adopted .
question no 8 by maj theorin ( h-0805 / 97 )
if anybody has a point of order , they can put it .
in any case , we will find out , mr rübig .
the framework directive on water has finally been adopted - very welcome news .
( the sitting was suspended at 1.40 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
the vote will take place tomorrow at 9.30 a.m.
tension surrounding montenegro is mounting. at kosovo ' s border , the situation is very unsettled and the regime in belgrade is creating a climate in which large-scale accidents are likely .
( for outcome of the vote and other details : see minutes )
we shall take a number of questions to the commission .
in my opinion , there are five structural reasons hampering the negotiations of the doha round :
section v - court of auditors
since women study and work more , they deserve to be paid for all types of service provision .
firstly , your french is perfect , mr swoboda , and secondly , i am going to apply our rules of procedure .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
i can assure mr howitt that the commission , individual commissioners and i personally , are very concerned about all issues pertaining to possible abuses of human rights .
such a union is a disgrace. changes must be introduced at the earliest opportunity. there has to be an end to all discrimination within europe .
yesterday in oslo the international community approved an agreement to prohibit manufacture and storage of and trade in anti-personnel mines .
the vote will take place on wednesday , at 12 noon .
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
mr president , that is why i voted in favour of the report .
3. additional protocol to the agreement between the ec and south africa , to take account of the accession of bulgaria and romania to the eu (
we honour the victims of those murders. we will remember you all .
the crux of the matter , politically speaking , is simple : above what amount , in millions of euro , must a public contract be subjected to community procedures ?
– the minutes of yesterday 's sitting have been distributed .
in my view , more attention should be paid to the media , which is such a determining factor in social life. women are very much absent in the media .
investment in research and innovation remains one of eu 's objectives for economic , social and job growth .
thirdly , was millstream implementing an haccp-based risk analysis and an auto-control plan as required by the food hygiene regulation ?
annex i to the luxembourg presidency 's conclusions of 22-23 march 2005 sets out the european youth pact which proposes three lines of action .
fourthly , the lisbon summit , midway through the portuguese presidency , gave another sign in favour of abandoning the european welfare model and changing to the american model .
as we know , the regulation proposes to achieve its aims by establishing an eu-wide network of public authorities responsible for enforcing consumer protection laws in the member states .
mr president , the two reports we are discussing are a clear sign of the advanced stage the militarisation of the european union has reached .
please think of the extra few seconds that i gave you , mrs lulling , as your christmas present .
thank you very much , mr de silguy .
fourthly , a european strategy for earthquake research should be developed. account should be taken of not only the social but also the economic benefits that such action entails .
. the compromise resolution does not express our political view on the 25th anniversary of solidarnosc , so this is our declaration of vote .
mr martinez , i did not realise myself that we were looking at all these things together in this budget discussion. perhaps mr dombrovskis will say something different .
the moderate delegation deplores the fact that neither the commission nor the european parliament has taken the opportunity to do this. we have therefore voted against the report .
the report by mrs lichtenberger , on behalf of the committee on legal affairs , on the 26th annual report on monitoring the application of european union law ( 2008 ) - .
( applause ) unless we do something to tackle this problem , the problem of drugs is going to continue to be with us .
- ( sk ) electric vehicles are considered to be one way to fulfil strict environmental protection standards , since they do not produce any emissions .
what provisions are you making to ensure real solidarity and real solutions to the suffering of migrants ?
- ( ga ) madam president , i welcome the definitive and thorough report from mr florenz and from the temporary committee on climate change .
5 . 2010 progress report on iceland (
so , one more time : commission president , let us hold a serious , broad-based , well-planned employment summit on 7 may. if you can do that , we will be with you .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
b5 ­ 0725 / 2000 by mrs schroedter and others , on behalf of the group of the greens / european free alliance , on the danger of nuclear submarines ;
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the mccarthy-hatzidakis report quite rightly welcomes the commission 's extremely valid objective of simplifying standards in terms of structural policy .
madam president of the council , could we try again please. in europe some patience is required. i would ask for your forbearance .
my conclusion is that in a changing society , we must also be prepared to change the eu 's budget .
secondly , the commission ’ s aps document does not refer at all to the millennium development goals or sectors important for poverty reduction , particularly education and poverty diseases .
the minutes of yesterday 's sitting have been distributed .
why was the initial draft of your reaction to the election toned down ? who influenced you ? who pressurised you ?
. mr president , i shall try to respond to members ’ questions. firstly , in reply to mr schnellhardt , neither labelling nor fragrances is included in the final package .
i declare adjourned the session of the european parliament .
report ( a5-0222 / 2001 ) by mr maaten , on behalf of the committee on economic and monetary affairs , on means to assist economic actors in switching to the euro ( 2000 / 2278 ( ini ) )
storage and transportation practices may also make it difficult or extremely costly to ensure total segregation. consequently , conventional seed lots will contain traces of gm seeds .
in writing . - i strongly disagree with the atkins amendment ( amendment 1 to paragraph 15 ) to the committee on petitions ' report by carlos josé iturgaiz angulo .
the specific rule concerning unfair competition is very important for judges and lawyers. the same rule also limits to a large extent the practice of ' forum shopping ' .
mr president , president-in-office of the council , i do not think that morocco will agree with what you have said about perejil island not belonging to anyone .
' this land of such dear souls , this dear dear land [ ... ]
mr antonione is entitled to reply with words or with gestures , as he sees fit .
thank you for your cooperation and your attention .
( the sitting was suspended at 10.40 a.m. for the vote and resumed at 11 a.m. )
subject : prospects for establishing more criteria for economic and monetary cooperation
the commission believes that further improvements in the text are necessary. the commission submitted on 5 may suggestions to the convention to do so , including the following important points .
the european union ratified the protocol six months ago. let us hope that the new delhi climate conference will result in ratification by the russian and canadian governments .
mr fatuzzo , don ' t forget to tell us what the mayor of bucharest says when he reads your explanation of vote .
that , mr president , ladies and gentlemen , is why i recommend that mr musotto 's immunity should be upheld .
that concludes the explanations of vote .
may i express my warmest greetings to you .
consideration must be given to these struggles and the worsening of exploitation must stop. it is time to respect the dignity of those who work and create wealth .
the european council to be held 11-12 december 2008 will decide on all the elements linked to this package .
containers lost at sea and compensation ( debate )
question no 24 by david martin ( h-0910 / 96 )
( el ) mr president , i should like to make four points :
agenda for next sitting : see minutes
with your permission , i shall deal briefly with a fact which was reported in the media today and which concerns our decision on gelatine .
( the president cut off the speaker )
4 . 2008 discharge : eu general budget , court of justice
the trans-european energy networks will foster interconnections , interoperability and the development of energy networks in the enlarged europe , and in turn stimulate the effective operation of the internal market .
today the european union is leading the way in the construction of plants for the various types of energy production .
b5-0284 / 2000 by mr fitto and others , on behalf of the group of the european people ' s party ( christian democrats ) and european democrats , on organised crime .
15. competition horizontal cooperation rules ( vote )
the creation of a system of joint public procurement of vaccines by member states , to prevent disparities ;
in conclusion , i am very glad about the successful cooperation between the european parliament and the council and hope that this important directive can now be finalised .
( the president reminded the speaker of her speaking time )
( es ) mr president , i would first of all like to express my condolences and solidarity for the victims of the earthquake in haiti .
the next item is the joint debate on :
the commission furthermore reserves the right to propose amendments to the regulation , increasing the number of measures which should be adopted by delegated or implementing acts .
thank you , mr poettering. i can see that mrs green also agrees with this suggestion .
mr president , if you could clarify whether it is the french text that is authentic , that would definitely help many members to come to a decision during the vote .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 10 a.m.
with respect to kosovo , the council has already observed that , in this case , the member states were deciding in accordance with national practice and international law .
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on friday , 23 october 1998 .
thank you , commissioner fischler. i am sure you have the support of the entire house in trying to resolve this difficult situation .
the rapporteur , mr markov , has the floor .
madam president , i wish to begin by congratulating mr brie on his excellent report .
efforts are being made to cut internal and cooperation expenditure just at a time when the main problem facing us at this time , unemployment , calls for an exemplary effort .
( the sitting was closed at 12.05 a.m. )
thank you very much , mr chairman , and i also thank mrs angelilli for her report .
also , the point made about the internal market is very important. we like speaking about it , but it is far from complete .
( sk ) i believe that ukraine is one of the closest potential partners of the european union .
i voted in favour of this report because economic stability may also lead to political stability in this area , which has been particularly troubled over the years .
on a point of order , mr president. can we all remain seated in future , when you call us to speak ?
by mr langen , on behalf of the committee on industry , research and energy , on a strategy for biomass and biofuels and
immediately , on your behalf , i sent a letter to the united nations secretary-general , expressing our most profound sympathy and solidarity with the families , friends and colleagues of the victims .
( the president cut off the speaker )
( the president cut off the speaker )
the vote will take place on thursday at 12.00 noon .
mr cohn-bendit , you should not be contemptuous of a colleague !
agenda of the next sitting : see minutes
( the speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under rule 149 ( 8 ) )
thank you very much , mrs wallström , for the information you have contributed to parliament this afternoon .
the next item is the report ( a4-0198 / 98 ) by mr fassa , on behalf of the committee on development and cooperation , on fair trade with developing countries .
before the vote on amendment no . 136 :
mr president , in the commission ' s deliberations on the alpine regions , stress is always placed on the high environmental cost of transport in those regions .
optimal use of road and road traffic data ;
– the debate is closed .
( the president cut off the speaker )
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
question no 5 by karl habsburg-lothringen ( h-0194 / 99 )
it is important for the commission and the member states to supply this information now , because a transition period of eight years really is a very , very long time .
the debate on this item will be resumed today at 6 p.m.
we have an opportunity. i would like to draw parliament 's attention to this so that it continues to be in the vanguard in terms of citizens ' rights .
i today came out in favour of a document permitting the insertion of the photograph but leaving the insertion of fingerprints optional .
for these reasons , i voted for the resolution .
quality of statistical data in the union and enhanced auditing powers by the commission ( eurostat ) ( debate )
the third is national taxation. years ago , the then belgian presidency proposed a compromise enabling us to accommodate subsidiarity on this point .
what practical steps are being undertaken by member states to achieve a fair sharing of responsibilities with regard to asylum and immigration between themselves ?
what measures are being taken and what forms of cooperation with mediterranean partners are being envisaged with a view to protecting shipping and curbing illegal immigration by sea ?
we shall now proceed to the vote .
the next item is the oral question ( b5-0533 / 01 ) , presented by 33 members to the commission , on the rights of homosexuals in eu institutions .
the vote will be taken during voting time , which now begins .
i would like to emphasise that the commission supports the rationale behind most of the proposed amendments , and will cooperate constructively with parliament on these issues .
( the sitting was suspended at 1.38 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
here in europe we still have a lot to address .
i again express my thanks to mr simpson , the commission for the initiative , and the council for its excellent mediation .
question no 2 lapses. question no 3 has been withdrawn .
the vote will take place at noon tomorrow .
even now , european banks are still making huge profits from the trafficking of drugs , arms and people .
public finances in the emu - 2007-2008 ( short presentation )
the vote will take place at 12 noon .
8 . 2008 discharge : eu general budget , council (
in my opinion these are steps in the right direction .
– mrs isler béguin and mrs schroedter , on behalf of the group of the greens / european free alliance , on ukraine ( b5-0129 / 2004 ) ;
thank you very much , mr seguro .
the commission has been able to reaffirm its attachment to the doha declaration on the trips agreement on public health and its support for the flexibilities contained therein .
mr rübig , i think you are referring to the verbatim report of proceedings. however , we shall look into the matter .
- ( sl ) the new transatlantic agenda was new in 1995. many things have changed in the years since , which is why we need a new partnership agreement .
( protests from mrs laguiller , who maintained that the president had ignored the left of the house )
we will ensure that your attendance is recorded. i apologise for that .
i think , commissioner , when you asked the question ' who comes first ? ' , you said it was the eu citizens. i am not so sure .
( the president cut off the speaker )
( twelve members having risen , the oral amendment was not taken into consideration ) ( parliament adopted the resolution )
since they deal with the same subject , the following questions will be taken together :
in my opinion , however , i think it would be useful to obtain an analysis from the european committee on ethics on these points , in order to clarify the issues .
. the uk conservative delegation voted against the hughes amendments for the reasons set out in my speech in the debate .
( fr ) madam president , mr chastel , in 2007 , we africans and europeans were very ambitious. our joint strategy was based on an action plan containing eight very concrete strategic partnerships .
the official motto of the usa is ' in god we trust . ' perhaps that should change to ' don 't do as i do. do as i say . '
the next item is the council report and commission statement on the results of the european council meeting of 23 may 1997 .
concerning the new treaty and the consequences for the policy agenda , one issue is the consequences of the lisbon treaty for the institutional change and the new legal frameworks .
as the time allotted to question time has elapsed , questions nos 35 to 58 will be replied to in writing .
i thank you very much for your attention .
as a keen supporter of small businesses i am glad to vote in favour of this report .
voluntary work is the product of intrinsic motivation and pure altruism , which are values that cannot be overestimated. this is a report crucial to our way of thinking .
we were all convinced of this , but there were times when it seemed that that truth was not so evident to many people in the world .
we should pay particular attention to problems linked to drugs , since this is , unfortunately , a serious matter for the department of the north .
thank you to the presidency , thank you to the commission , thank you to mr davies , ms mcavan and colleagues for your support on this point .
well , we are already running five minutes late , but i could still hold a roll-call , as mr tomlinson has requested. do you agree ?
with regard to libya , following a difficult period of relations with the international community , this country has taken steps to normalise political and economic relations with its foreign partners .
question no 50 by esko olavi seppänen ( h-0565 / 02 ) :
that concludes the explanations of vote. the sitting is now suspended and will resume at 3 p.m.
the commission 's legal service points out that its previous comments were not taken into consideration when drafting the current version .
dates of forthcoming sittings : see minutes
i believe that this debate is proof of parliament ’ s interest in this key issue. afghanistan is not some far-off land , but a truly european problem .
when drawing up my report , i had four objectives :
r & d activities ( 1997 annual report )
i am very confident that this sound compromise will receive broad support from parliament .
i have one very quick question : would commissioner füle mind giving us a timetable for montenegro 's future accession to the european union ? thank you very much .
madam president , parliament must make a strong protest to the taliban. commissioner bonino 's arrest is a slap in the face for her important work on humanitarian aid to afghanistan .
in the process of preparing this report , i had to deal with a number of issues which i would like to see resolved as quickly as possible .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
i apologise to colleagues who have had the courtesy to attend but whose questions were not taken .
there is no reference in the report to nuclear power and its problems .
until then , the drafting of a green paper or even the setting up of a task force would also be welcome .
the next item is question time ( b5-0003 / 2000 ) . we will examine questions to the commission .
finally , i should like to declare the support of our delegation for the creation of stricter machinery for fighting fraud and the misuse of public money .
i have just voted for the motion of censure against the european commission because of the incorrect , incompetent and scandalous manner in which two commissioners have performed their duties .
the next item is debates on cases of breaches of human rights , democracy and the rule of law ( rule 50 ) .
my third and last point relates to the question of public service and improving the democratic systems to develop procedures ...
this brings me , last but certainly not least , to the fifth challenge confronting the union : its role on the international stage .
if there are no objections , we will look into the matter at the appropriate moment .
we now move on to the order of business .
illegal immigration , external action of the european union and frontex ( debate )
the next item is the report by jorgo chatzimarkakis , on behalf of the committee on industry , research and energy , on cars 21 : a competitive automotive regulatory framework .
the minutes of the sitting of 25 march 2010 and the documents which were adopted are available for viewing. the minutes have been approved .
( es ) a list of twelve points follows ; point 4 says :
let us put our hands on our hearts and commit ourselves to peace , to justice , but , most importantly of all , to humanity .
when does the commission expect to publish an eu biodiversity strategy , setting out the ambitious measures needed to achieve the eu and global biodiversity conservation targets ?
thank you very much , mr de silguy .
question no 1 by hans lindqvist ( h-0716 / 96 )
the vote will take place on thursday at 12.00 noon .
can the commission inform parliament of the reasons for its failure to adopt a public services charter ?
the vote will take place today .
the next item is the debate on the following :
lord bach said that the vote on reach is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. i agree and that is why it is so important we get it right .
mr president , i just want to make a few final comments .
the next item is the debate on topical and urgent subjects of major importance .
( sk ) european agricultural products meet the highest quality standards in the world , which should , of course , make them more competitive on international markets .
one wonders whether the fact that this primary truth and this primary legitimacy have been forgotten is one of the principal causes of the democratic deficit in the union .
my compliments to the interpreters on keeping up with the speaker !
given that the council representative has now arrived , we can resume proceedings .
finally , i would like to wish commissioner kovács every success in his future endeavours .
as usual , it is our view that the advantages of deregulation are being grossly exaggerated .
i commend the report to you and am particularly grateful to the rapporteur for his acceptance of the amendment drafted originally by me .
migration to the second generation schengen information system ( sis ii ) - migration to the second generation schengen information system ( sis ii ) ( debate )
this is in the dna of capitalism ...
it is a shame that this idea slightly taints the overall tone of this report .
( applause from the right , uproar on the left )
the next item is question time ( b6-0018 / 2007 ) .
mrs damanaki , we are counting on you .
mrs izquierdo , the council is not present .
how is this growth measured ? which data actually reflect what is happening ?
i believe that most people in ireland support this charter , as does the government , bearing in mind that the european constitution was approved a couple of years ago .
commission reports on competition policy 2006 and 2007 ( short presentation )
draft general budget 2009 as modified by the council ( all sections ) ( debate )
( the sitting was suspended at 7.40 p.m. and resumed at 9 p.m. )
. i want to congratulate the rapporteur and the members of the temporary committee on foot and mouth disease on the excellent work they have done together .
beyond the pleasant utopia of a europe without borders , we are faced every day with the tragic reality of schengen : inhumane living conditions for migrants .
well , you get la crème de la crème , do you not on friday morning !
mr president , we all understand the complexities of the current appalling situation in eastern congo , which is ethnically based and has its origins in rwanda , burundi and uganda .
( a5-0250 / 22 ) by mr brok on the enlargement of the european union ( com ( 1999 ) 500 - c5-0341 / 2000 - 2000 / 2171 ( cos ) ) ;
the second report in the package extends the scope by harmonising controls of aerodromes and their operators. austrian aerodromes also come under this new rule .
question no 3 by birgitta ahlqvist ( h-0944 / 97 )
where military action is concerned , we believe that this must be decided at national level. peacemaking efforts must take place within un mandates .
3. human rights situation in the philippines
the vote will take place on thursday , 5 february 2009 .
in other words , there must be a large dose of flexibility and the possibility of adapting to the prevailing situation which , in spite of everything , may influence the process .
in response to your request , we shall now suspend the vote .
. i am totally opposed to the proposal by the conference of presidents to change the name of the delegation for relations with iran .
( el ) mr president , i too should like to congratulate the rapporteur , mr lambsdorff , and the shadow rapporteurs on the important work they have done .
we only have a short time. rather than making a lengthy factual statement i will draw the attention of parliament to two documents which the commission has made available .
( the president declared the common position approved )
and of course i would be delighted to return here once we have adopted the single market review to present our conclusions and discuss with you the way forward .
now should be the time to assist the producers , instead of sending them into a spiral of unemployment and reduced income .
( fr ) madam president , commissioner , mr scottà , i find it truly symbolic , commissioner , that your first speech before this house should be on the very subject of quality policy .
question no 32 by florus wijsenbeek ( h-0082 / 96 )
i urge you to adopt mr maaten ' s report as a first step in the interests of the health of future generations .
( the sitting was closed at 11.42 a.m. )
down with war ! long live peace between nations !
the next item is the joint debate on :
mr president , i merely wish to make three remarks concerning the votes on the amendments .
for us social democrats , this directive is a further step towards a social europe. now the council must make a move , and not persist in its hesitant attitude .
the increased prices for cereals and food benefit farmers and can provide a better opportunity to restructure the agricultural sector in the eu .
i support the proposal to transfer the burden of proof to the defence when evidence can be brought by the victim of apparent sexual discrimination .
mr president , commissioner , mr presidentinoffice of the council .
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
( the order of business was thus established )
i would call on us to be consistent now. we do not have sufficient credibility among the palestinians , and it is time we did so .
mr president , commissioner , my group broadly agrees with your analysis and thanks you for it .
in conclusion , we should also be encouraging the production of safer medical alternatives and encouraging their markets as they become available .
a high level of protection for passengers , in line with that for other modes of transport ;
the next item is the debate on the council and the commission statements on reform of the un .
in connection with this debate , i have received five motions for resolutions , submitted in accordance with rule 37 ( 2 )
rapporteur . - ( fr ) madam president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , this is quite an important report just before the bali conference .
the next item is the debate on the five motions for resolutions on lampedusa ( 1 ) .
. ( el ) in principle we agree with the rapporteur 's finding that drinking water should be a social resource , accessible to all , and not a commodity subject to speculation .
the european parliament was responsible for introducing the mandatory labelling of gmos last year , not the council of ministers .
i truly hope our amendment complements and completes this excellent resolution , for which i shall certainly vote later .
subject : inclusion of ancient greek and latin in the european indicator of language competence
as they deal with the same subject , questions no 31 and 32 will be taken together .
the vote will take place at 5.30 p.m.
specific actions are needed in favour of developing countries , in particular the least developed countries , using partnerships to reduce inequalities between rich and poor countries .
encouraging it to become more competitive at international level ;
our rules of procedure stipulate that the conference of presidents shall consist of yourself , obviously , of the group chairmen , and also of a representative of the non-attached members .
we will all have the opportunity tomorrow morning , with the italian presidency , to bring our collective wisdom to bear on those issues .
5. monitoring and reduction of greenhouse gas emissions from fuels ( road transport and inland waterway vessels ) (
will the commission confirm that the 6 / 12 mile limits contained in the present common fisheries policy will be maintained beyond 2002 ? question no 59 by robin teverson ( h-0687 / 98 )
secondly , compared to the treaty of nice , the treaty of lisbon is a treaty of the parliaments and the citizens and therefore , a treaty for more democracy .
( fr ) mr president , madam commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the commissioner said that she herself wanted a europe that was more visible , that meant something to citizens .
we shall therefore vote against the skinner report - not against the work of mr skinner himself , but against the compromise imposed by the governments .
we are all very much interlinked : let us not forget that .
mr president , first of all i would like to support the commission 's initial proposals and , of course , the amendments put forward by the rapporteur , mr rübig , in his report .
against this backdrop , we could not vote in favour of this report .
19. eib and ebrd annual reports for 2007 (
i congratulate mrs terrón i cusí on her work .
the next item is the report by pál schmitt , on behalf of the committee on culture and education , on the role of sport in education .
the approval and actual implementation of the new directive , for which i too call warmly upon mr monti , will be the most useful way of celebrating this anniversary .
i give the floor to mr le pen for three minutes .
( the sitting was adjourned at 8.20 p.m. and resumed at 9 p.m. )
the commission proposes a 17 % increase for environmental policies , including the extension of the emissions trading scheme to the new member states .
i hope our partnership will continue. i commend the proposals which were adopted unanimously by the commission for consultation today .
i should like to condemn the death of juan soto garcía , and to denounce the lack of freedom and democracy in cuba .
the next item is the council and commission statements on the european union 's external action priorities .
we will now ask mr antonione the last question of the afternoon and of the italian presidency .
the next item is the report by andreas schwab , on behalf of the committee on petitions , on the annual report on the european ombudsman 's activities in 2005 .
( fr ) mr president , my group does not object to the oral amendment , but we are not in favour of amendment 14 , even when amended by the oral amendment .
allow me to make a personal comment : welcome to the club of former presidents of the european parliament ! it is one of the most exclusive clubs in the world .
i therefore voted in favour again .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i am particularly addressing the stevens report .
thank you , commissioner lamy , especially for your straightforward reactions to meps ' points of view .
in writing . - ( hu ) mr president , ladies and gentlemen .
mutual recognition of professional qualifications ( debate )
the committee on industry , external trade , research and energy has drawn up a balanced report , and i therefore voted in favour of it .
mr president , mrs malmström , first of all , i would like to thank and congratulate my fellow rapporteurs , mrs bozkurt and mrs striffler .
mrs neyts-uyttebroeck , you have the floor .
the next item is the joint debate on the following oral questions :
our group will be supporting this report .
the consumer pays twice : he or she pays via tax for the aid and then pays the artificially high prices for everyday goods .
finally , our group supports the report by mr jové peres .
in order to make europe a better place in which to work , this directive must be adopted without delay .
the vote will be taken tomorrow at 10 a.m.
in this conviction , president-in-office , we will now in the intergovernmental conference work together with the national parliaments and civil society to strengthen the european union constitutionally .
mr president , instead of dwelling on all the amendments that i am happy to accept , i will instead concentrate on those that cause the commission some difficulty .
5. support schemes for farmers ( support for cotton ) (
you just have to raise your eyes if you wish to see the result .
we have done so by opting for selective regionalisation conducted by the acps themselves .
i look forward to the comments from colleagues in the debate which now follows .
mr president-in-office , i specifically call on the council to make known its opinion on the tse regulation .
i welcome the resolution and hope to see some action from the commission .
these measures already go further than the existing eu measures .
the next item is the debate on the following seven motions for resolutions on human rights in zimbabwe :
– the next item is the commission statement on world aids day .
fourthly , the unwillingness on the part of other international actors also to assume a leading negotiating role .
that is why we need a clear pan-european policy on ports which really does respect competition .
the vote will take place today at 12 noon .
on method , i think the nice perspectives , from that point of view , are very interesting .
vice-president of the commission . - mr president , i would like to thank all the honourable members for their positive and kind words concerning the commission 's work programme .
mr antony , please allow me to remind you of the rules on personal matters .
although supporting passenger rights is , of course , of vital importance , there are more efficient measures that can be taken without passengers being burdened with even higher costs .
. on behalf of the european parliament labour party , i wish to indicate that while we have supported the major part of the lienemann report , we have certain reservations .
in brief , insufficient funds for priorities we agree with and more funds for priorities we reject .
to conclude , this joint proposal is acceptable to our group. it has also been approved by all the member states and the car industry .
the next item on the agenda is the declaration of mr prodi , president-elect of the european commission , and it is my great pleasure to offer him the floor immediately .
there you have three suggestions , mr schüssel , and i would hope that the council , under your presidency and under subsequent presidencies , will look into these types of proposal .
( the president cut off the speaker )
in accordance with the rules of procedure , can i have a speaker for the motion and one against ?
the next item is the vote .
mr albertini now has the floor to speak for the two minutes he has remaining as rapporteur .
. mr president , i would like to thank all the members for this debate , in which i feel a number of very valuable points have been made .
i would like to begin by thanking the rapporteur for her efforts and also for her cooperation on many of the important issues our group had .
i also regret the absence of commission representation , because we would welcome a prompt response from the commission concerning the commissioner 's proposal for the new trans-european networks .
we shall now proceed to the vote .
as for the strength of the euro , i have to say that it is perhaps stronger than many exporters would like .
( the members of parliament rose to their feet and applauded . )
( the sitting was suspended at 8.15 p.m. and resumed at 9. p.m. )
on behalf of the s & d group . - mr president , i was one of those in this parliament who strongly promoted the accession of bulgaria to the european union .
the uen supports this regulation. i thank mr blokland for his labour-intensive and relevant report .
the time allowed for questions to mr liikanen has come to an end. question no 39 will receive a written answer .
mr linkohr , as rapporteur , has the floor .
( parliament adopted the interpretation by the committee on the rules of procedure )
the vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.
in writing . - british conservatives believe it is unfortunate that paragraph three appears vague in seeming to support " any " initiative in the enforcement of community law .
we must examine the reasons for the emergence of terrorists who are willing to attack our european system , which does not support them .
mr mcmahon , we are discussing wednesday 's minutes. tuesday 's minutes were approved , as is usual , the following day .
( the president cut off the speaker )
madam president , can i thank the commissioner very much for presenting this to us this morning , and thank ms stavreva very much for her report .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 : 00 .
the challenge to the european union consists , in my opinion , among other things :
firstly , on 9 october 2002 , the commission concluded that 10 candidate countries were in a position to accede to the european union .
that concludes the debate on this report .
that concludes this item on the agenda .
the us has strict measures and regulations on imports. we in the european union must follow these regulations and ensure that we follow the same patterns .
tomorrow , then , we will be putting our amendments to a vote by roll call in order to expose your hypocrisy to the public gaze .
in writing. i support the measures on double-hulling that should help diminish maritime pollution from oil tankers , which are particularly important for the yorkshire coast and the humber estuary .
i hope the commissioner will take that message back to her colleagues .
i must reiterate that we must keep poverty eradication at the forefront of our development assistance .
furthermore , an annex will ensure the directive is restricted only to enforcement of community law and implementing national legislation and has no impact on what is purely national law .
progress of the 12 candidate countries in 2000 ( continuation )
the next item is the council and commission statements on the esdp operation in eastern chad and the north of the central african republic .
subject : fulfilment of the objectives of structural funds payments
indeed , it is quite complicated. you would therefore like me to put the draft initiative from the republic of finland to the vote straight away .
the new recovery plan also improves the existing one and introduces new control measures to address those failures identified by the contracting parties , to which philippe morillon referred .
( fi ) mr president , i voted in favour of this report , but i would like to raise one important issue with regard to it .
thank you very much for your replies , mr liikanen .
the next item is the report by mrs batzeli , on behalf of the committee on agriculture and rural development , on the food prices in europe .
the nordic countries have very low levels of unemployment , and one of the reasons for this is that they have encouraged greater employability amongst women .
i believe that we can very heartily encourage this initiative .
at today 's sitting , i voted in favour of the revision of the directive on the use of hazardous substances in electric or electronic equipment .
the vote will take place on thursday , 20 november 2008 .
( b5-0281 / 1999 ) by mr schori , mr sakellariou , and others , on behalf of the pse group , on the situation in kosovo ;
mr wijsenbeek knows who i am referring to !
' gradual labour market reforms ' sounds fine , but usually means worse employment rules and increased wage gaps , which we cannot support .
mr president , i admit that i am both confused and also quite sad and disappointed .
( parliament elected mrs lalumière by acclamation ) i proclaim mrs catherine lalumière vice-president of the european parliament .
mr president , it has taken nearly a year and a half to conclude this tobacco directive , and i wish to thank the rapporteur for all his hard work .
my question is not the same , because i put it in a european key and with an extremely constructive intention .
that is unfortunately outside the scope of the question i have made preparations for answering , so i cannot provide any answer .
- before the vote on amendment 812 :
despite this , the eu juggernaut carries on with its overbearing legislation , which only serves to destroy small businesses and removes freedom of choice from the consumer .
the next item is the election of the quaestors of the european parliament .
i firmly believe that we have jointly achieved a major improvement in the text and better patient protection during negotiations over these legislative proposals .
moreover , governments in particular ought to favour the presence of more women in science and technology , since using only half the brains is not intelligent or efficient .
turning , now , to individual areas in more detail :
i should like to welcome here today a delegation from the parliament of lithuania , the seimas , led by its chairman mr racas .
in writing . - i welcome the adoption of the temporary agency workers directive that will , finally , give equal treatment at work to some of our most vulnerable workers .
we therefore support the stance taken by the italian government , which has put these views and requests directly to the president of the united states .
. ( de ) i voted to approve the accession treaties only under protest and out of solidarity with my future colleagues .
in writing . - ( pl ) i voted in favour of the report by mr tabajdi on sustainable agriculture and biogas : a need for review of eu legislation .
the next item is the commission statement on the economic and social consequences of business restructuring in europe .
i resolutely reject these attacks against the secretary general of the european parliament .
i have received one joint motion for a resolution , pursuant to rule 37 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
does the council intend to make it possible to record in the sis register details of demonstrators who have not committed any offence , too ?
‘ ... as stated by hans blix , that the credible threat of the use of force has played an important role in facilitating the disarmament work of unscom and unmovic . ’
( b5-0484 / 00 ) by mr dupuis and mr turco , on behalf of the tdi group , to the council , and ( b5-0485 / 00 ) to the commission , on the situation in tunisia ;
the vote will take place on wednesday at 11.30 a.m.
this is one of the most important issues to be dealt with by parliament in the last few years .
( es ) mr president , the commission 's new animal health strategy seeks to simplify legislation by implementing a general law to cover all diseases .
motion for resolution ( b5-0188 / 99 ) on behalf of the committee on the environment , public health and consumer policy , on climate change : preparing for implementation of the kyoto protocol
nous n 'oublierons jamais. we will never forget those innocent victims , as we seek to build a different future .
a guarantee from member states of finance for the universal service before the opening of the markets , an essential condition for the protection of consumers .
b5-0936 / 2000 by gemelli , on behalf of the ppe-de group ;
having regard to article 294 ( 3 ) of the treaty on the functioning of the european union ,
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11.30 a.m.
b5-0102 / 99 by mrs hautala , mr lannoye and mr ceyhun , on behalf of the verts / ale group , on the earthquake of 7 september 1999 in greece .
debates on cases of breaches of human rights , democracy and the rule of law ( announcement of motions for resolutions tabled ) : see minutes
on the advice of the rapporteur , this thus seems surplus to requirements in the light of earlier votes .
the vote will take place on thursday from 10.00 a.m.
1. calendar of part-sessions for 2008 ( vote )
[ com ( 2000 ) 791 - c5-0747 / 2000 - 2000 / 0317 ( cns ) ]
i must inform you that several members have requested the floor .
( pl ) i would like to offer my congratulations on this report .
mr president , my work has always had a dual nature .
( the sitting was suspended at 2 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
has the presidency any plans in the coming six months to place the serious situation of the home-produced wool industry on the agenda of the agriculture council ?
madam president , commissioner , let us work towards a common agricultural policy which will encourage , not further discourage , their efforts to continue to survive .
a new treaty should be negotiated for the european union , which should serve as a basis for its development as a federation of independent states .
– mr president , mr ribeiro certainly deserves to be congratulated. he has tabled an ambitious and comprehensive draft resolution at this critical juncture. commissioner vitorino acknowledged as much .
that must not be allowed to happen .
question no 5 by paul rübig ( h-1183 / 98 ) subject : security in cities
how , therefore , can it be that spain could contemplate extraditing another eu national ? it is surely a breach of eu law , which requires nondiscrimination on the grounds of nationality .
we should also consider what we can do to prevent the transmission of diseases from people working for the un from happening again .
we are firmly opposed to amendment 10 in the report , which proposes special treatment for the support for cotton , olive oil , raw tobacco , hops and bananas .
thank you , commissioner. you have clarified the matter for the house .
first , by highlighting the use of anabolic agents as a public health problem , as you quite rightly said .
other examples include the funds for combating aids and specific funds , such as the heavily indebted poor countries initiative ( hipc ) .
( bg ) mr. president , mr. commissioner , colleagues , i welcome the efforts of european institutions to reduce road accidents and casualties .
11. response of the european union to the deteriorating situation in the east of the democratic republic of congo ( vote )
my plea to those of you who support the european project is to be honest with the electorate and have the courage to put it to a referendum .
( the president declared the common position approved as amended )
it is with you , mr schüssel , that responsibility rests for our having an objective debate , and you cannot simply retreat and shelter behind national independence .
i will forward parliament 's assent to the council , meeting in the composition of the heads of state or government , and to the commission .
as it has proven possible to swap hats , i also have a question .
given the diversity of terrain and of geographical and climatic conditions in the eu , there is , moreover , no reason for incorporating forests into the eu 's common policies .
( it ) mr president , i asked for the floor to give an explanation of vote on preventing and combating trafficking in human beings .
what action has the commission taken , and what future action will it take and when , to ensure compliance without delay ?
fourthly , the commission has also adopted a new communication on fiscal aid that explains how the rules on state aid are applied to tax incentives .
this is why i ultimately feel that the creation of the european systemic risk board and financial supervisory authorities is appropriate .
i supported amendments which would require that labour standards at sites operated in non-eu countries be monitored , including at sites outsourced by eu companies .
1. the proposal for a council decision ( com ( 2001 ) 511 - c5-0498 / 2001 - 2001 / 0208 ( cns ) ) on the guidelines for employment policy measures by the member states in 2002
second , the member states who in future must stop insisting on a large number of detailed regulations in the implementing orders and recognize the procedure finally agreed upon .
today , one third of all cancers are preventable. we must therefore review the existing preventive programmes and measures and create new ones to cover every eventuality .
since the negotiations are still in progress , it is difficult for the council to comment in more detail on the content of and developments in the discussions .
these statements confirm the concerns expressed within my country that this charter is intended to be the preamble to a european constitution .
so the commission can agree with amendments 1 to 5 , but we cannot agree , for the reasons which i have already explained , to amendments 6 and 7 .
. i found the debate very interesting , but perhaps did not make myself clear in my opening speech , and would like to clarify my position .
the european parliament 's report on the constitutional status of european political parties implicitly reveals a real danger of anti-democratic developments .
the next item is the council and commission statements - towards an arms trade treaty .
this - as i see it - fundamental aspect is lacking in the report , and i have therefore abstained from voting .
on behalf of the ppe-de group . - ( de ) mr president , i should like to raise a point of order , and i therefore ask to be allowed to speak .
trade relations between european countries and japan go back several centuries and have been growing closer since the end of the second world war .
once again , i send my most sincere wishes for your presidency .
restrictions are unjustifiable and incompatible with the lisbon strategy , and removing them is the only way to achieve a competitive and innovative europe .
question no 4 by bernd posselt ( h-0223 / 03 ) :
i will now turn to the fundamental questions to which the amendments refer .
after the vote on amendment no 11
subject : bureaucratic delays on the part of the commission in transferring community funds to portugal
question no 35 by glenys kinnock ( h-0392 / 03 ) :
- o-0025 / 2004 – b5-0070 / 2004 by mr sakellariou on behalf of the group of the party of european socialists .
will the commission investigate rhône-poulenc 's sales methods ?
mrs palacio vallelersundi , we cannot repeat the whole debate on certain issues during voting time. so let us stop here .
* the subsidy for tobacco cultivation should be abolished. it should be the responsibility of the individual countries successfully to help the farmers concerned convert to other crops .
report ( a5-0011 / 2002 ) by von wogau , on behalf of the committee on constitutional affairs , on the implementation of financial services legislation ( 2001 / 2247 ( ini ) )
the next item is the statements by the council and the commission on the international financial crisis and political developments in russia .
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
against that background , i have abstained or voted against the four reports on the euro .
( abbreviated in accordance with rule 137 ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure )
peace , human rights and prosperity , inside and outside the european union , cannot wait for days , weeks and years while we come to agreements amongst ourselves .
45 . 2008 discharge : seventh , eighth , ninth and tenth european development funds ( edf )
( the president cut off the speaker )
situation in the middle east ( rc b5-0344 / 2001 )
baroness ashton , how are you going to ensure that the 16 countries ratify before 1 august ?
b5-0150 / 2001 , by mr haarder , on behalf of the eldr group , on the situation in chechnya .
participation of switzerland in the ' youth in action ' programme and in the action programme in the field of lifelong learning ( debate )
thank you mr gallagher. as the vice-president responsible for multilingualism , i would like to say how glad we are to hear you speaking gaelic in parliament .
we oppose any form of european nationalism .
thank you very much , mr oreja , for such an informative statement. i again thank mr patijn for his informative report .
8 . 2008 discharge : translation centre for the bodies of the european union
furthermore , turkey also needs to commit itself unequivocally to good neighbourly relations and to the peaceful settlement of disputes .
if we are to pursue a responsible policy we must concern ourselves with the health of europeans , particularly the youngest among them .
election of vice-presidents of the european parliament ( continuation )
it is my belief that the appointment of ambassador moratinos is good news. i wish him and you the very best of luck .
according to eurostat data on five new member states , air passenger traffic increased by 25 % in 2006 in relation to 2005 .
questions not taken for lack of time will be answered in writing ( see annex ) .
the vote will take place at the end of the debate .
ladies and gentlemen , the political group chairmen and the political groups will state their position and will also give an assessment of the slovenian presidency .
that must also apply , of course , to children in the clovis nursery , to which a child of one of my assistants belongs .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11.30 a.m.
the differences which currently exist between member states require common standards to be adopted urgently .
before the vote on amendments nos 47 , 48 and 49
( es ) mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i would like firstly to thank mr bowis and the shadow rapporteurs for their work and wish mr bowis a speedy recovery .
combatting all forms of exclusion and poverty must be made a goal of all eu programmes and policies .
the vote will take place on wednesday at 11.30 a.m.
first of all , greater transparency. what was adopted today should have been annexed to the existing interinstitutional agreement , not a new standard .
last , but not least , i would like to thank all of the staff in the three institutions who , in a very professional manner , helped to make this possible .
my second question is that you outlined to us a plan to unleash and rebalance the market on what consumer estimates was this based , 10 % , 20 % or 25 % less ?
marianne fischer-boel , the previous commissioner , did decide to abolish the standards and i would hope that we would continue to support that decision .
mr gollnisch will now speak in favour of postponing the report .
second part questions to mr busquin
. there is across-the-board agreement on this report , given the need to prolong the transitional measures until a full package of measures for tackling bse is in place .
mr killilea , the debate is now closed .
mr president , in deference to you and following the very comprehensive and satisfactory reply given to me by commissioner reding , i waive my right to a supplementary question .
( fr ) mr president , i would just like to make two comments .
mr president , could you tell us whether any members of this house declared a financial interest before voting on the previous report ?
1. the radio caracas tv channel in venezuela ( vote )
i truly cannot understand how practices such as fox-hunting or bullfights or cockfighting can be compatible with today 's culture .
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
the methods of control will be strengthened along the entire food chain .
the vote will take place today at 12 noon .
mr president , the commission would like to congratulate mr newton dunn and the committee on citizens ' freedoms and rights on the work they have produced .
– the next item is the council and commission statements on the outlook for bosnia-herzegovina .
( the president declared the common position approved )
- ( fr ) i want to draw a parallel between the reports by mrs ludford and mr haarder and the report by messrs duff and voggenhuber .
thank you very much , mr patten. i believe we have asked you all the questions we were going to ask you today. we therefore wish you a good afternoon .
the next item is the joint debate on the following seven motions for resolutions presented by :
i give mr titley the floor to reply to mr telkämper .
therefore , ladies and gentlemen , i would strongly urge you to vote wisely and to vote in a manner consistent with the dignity of the house .
question no 44 by heidi hautala ( h-0861 / 97 )
mr landsbergis , can you just clarify whether you are talking about paragraph 10 or amendment 4 ?
mr dimitrakopoulos wishes to speak , but i would like to know , mr dimitrakopoulos , which rule you are invoking for your point of order .
the commission therefore welcomes paragraph 15 of mr van hulten 's report .
: i voted for the report by mr de roo today for several important reasons .
mr president , i would also like to congratulate mr titley , mrs hoff and mrs mann on their excellent work and i will just make a few comments .
all these measures ensure that distributors can make full use of the new opportunities offered to them by this draft regulation .
( the sitting was suspended at 1.20 p.m. and resumed at 3.05 p.m. )
i request that this debate be postponed until november .
( the president declared the common position approved )
what institutional mechanisms does it believe need to be brought into being or strengthened in order to get a joint decision-making process under way between the mediterranean partners ?
written statements for entry in the register ( rule 116 ) : see minutes
19. batteries and accumulators and waste batteries and accumulators ( implementing powers conferred on the commission ) ( vote )
i am sorry , but you are speaking too fast for the interpreters .
the report by karl von wogau , on behalf of the committee on foreign affairs , on the european security strategy and the european security and defence policy ( esdp ) , and
1. youth on the move : - a framework for improving europe 's education and training systems (
i have received two motions for resolutions tabled pursuant to rule 40 ( 5 ) .
question no 14 by jan andersson ( h-0019 / 99 ) subject : conditions for swedish adoption of the common currency
it is , therefore , to be hoped that the swedish presidency , which i wish much success , will listen with greater attention to the voice of the citizens .
i therefore propose that a large part of the eur 1 billion should be used to assist european farmers who are facing a great many problems .
we must not allow the context to turn into a pretext not to debate the text. europe needs leaders today ; it does not need evasions .
with these important caveats in mind , i would like to confirm the eldr ' s broad support for mr schwaiger ' s work and reiterate our warm thanks to him .
- a special training network for tourism-related skills would be set up
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
amendments nos 66 in part , 67 , 68 , and 69 regarding simplification of the provisions on mentioning the relative weighting of award criteria .
unfortunately , therefore , i could only vote against the report .
( the sitting was opened at 09 : 00 )
does the new plan for 2007-2013 include measures which target this group to promote their integration into their natural social environment and enable them to continue living there ?
we shall ask for that to be checked and you will receive a written answer .
( b5 ­ 0379 / 2000 ) by mr sakellariou and mr schori , on behalf of the pse group , on the imprisonment of akin birdal ;
the next item is the joint debate on the following :
i am sorry , but i do not believe that we have that many reasons to be proud of the schengen acquis .
the next item is the debate on six motions for resolutions on belarus , in particular , the cases of ales mikhalevich and natalia radina .
dates of forthcoming sittings : see minutes
the next item is the commission statement on services of general interest in europe .
the sitting was closed at 11.35 a.m.
today we are listening to proposals to make us condemn the interinstitutional agreement , thus leaving us without a financial perspective .
- before the vote on amendments 1 to 4 :
president of the commission . - let me tell you that we will be much more successful if we do it collectively rather than separately .
we shall now proceed to the vote .
. i wish to record that i abstained on amendments dealing with travel allowances at cost because i believe this is covered in the member 's statute .
debates on cases of breaches of human rights , democracy and the rule of law ( debate )
section iv - court of justice
1. multiannual financial framework for 2007-2013 (
( the speaker agreed to take a blue card question under rule 149 ( 8 ) )
i must point out the impact of european environmental policy on long-term investments in forms of green technology .
2. on postponement of the decision concerning discharge in respect of the implementation of the general budget of the european union for the 2000 financial year :
mr president , this is a good beginning for advent time - looking forward to the lisbon treaty coming into force .
- before the vote on amendment 21 :
i would also like to take this opportunity to thank commissioner cresson for her splendid support for this work .
but your question is , ' how and when can you guarantee a positive das ? ' first , i should remind honourable members what the so-called ' negative das ' is .
10. direct support schemes under cap ; the com for sugars ; restructuring of the sugar industry ; owing to the accession of bulgaria and romania to the eu ( vote )
we , the group of the european people 's party ( christian democrats ) and the european democrats , have two fundamental objectives as this new millennium commences .
mr president , i too would like to welcome our mediterranean friends and colleagues , and also sincerely to congratulate yannis sakellariou on his work .
what , after years of error , they accept is necessary for honey , they do not wish to introduce for chocolate .
question no 25 by ward beysen ( h-0315 / 03 ) :
open network provision ( onp ) to voice telephony
i voted in favour of mr brunetta ' s report with these added clarifications .
. the rapid liberalisation of world trade , characterised by lax rules on work and the environment , poses a considerable challenge for the competitiveness of the european economy .
( the sitting was closed at 12.20 p.m. )
subject : return of the elgin marbles to greece
would the commission consider introducing an eu regulation for the labelling of sheep meat products which would allow consumers to distinguish between eu products and those from third countries ?
we supported amendments 106 , 107 , 108 and 110 which read as follows :
mr president , the european radical alliance group fully supports the aims of the draft regulations submitted to us .
. this report supports a regulation to establish a common framework for the presentation of community statistics on vocational training in enterprises .
the ecj judgment in the turco case will have resounding consequences for transparency and access to the documents of european institutions concerned with legislative issues .
i propose criteria of symbolic stimulation for people participating in volunteer actions and i request the help of the european commission and the european parliament .
as a result , an important decision-making tool for the responsible management of the affected enterprises would be lost .
i think that the rover case has also been a factor in demonstrating that we have to think seriously about restructuring in europe .
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , yet again , unfortunately , our parliament has been called upon to express its clear condemnation of the mass rapes regularly committed , with total impunity ...
look , if you are not interested in hearing this , don 't ask me questions !
although it is not parliament ’ s job to become involved in national-level judicial processes , these values are so important that i shall be voting in favour .
loss at sea of migrants ' boats off the libyan coast ( debate )
this proposal for a directive provides for a two-tier certification system for all train drivers and staff involved in driving trains throughout the european rail network .
( com ( 2003 ) 230 – c5-0322 / 2003 – 2003 / 0093 ( cns ) ) .
the vote will take place tomorrow .
mr farage , i did not have a mandate - that is undeniable - but , quite frankly , neither did the russian troops when they entered georgia .
written declarations included in the register ( rule 123 ) : see minutes
the next item is question time ( b5-0220 / 2000 ) . we will examine questions to the commission .
greater weight to be given to infrastructure projects which promote employment .
mr farage , are you willing to apply article 9 of the treaty to ask to simply leave europe ? that way , you will be happy .
mr president , commissioner , we too welcome mr tannock 's report , and i would also like to take this opportunity to thank mr laschet quite particularly for his previous work .
indeed , amendment no 2 proposes that recital g be deleted .
mr president , i , too , should like to extend warm thanks to all the shadow rapporteurs and fellow members , both present and absent , for their really tremendous cooperation .
the vote will take place this afternoon following the debates .
that concludes the explanations of vote .
in the same way , the 1999 budget must pay careful attention to the environment , in accordance with the commitments made at the kyoto conference .
commissioner , can you provide us with a timetable for this ?
. the council proposal rejected the commission and ep proposal in some areas. to be specific :
as i said this morning i will be voting to support this report with the few reservations i indicated then. mr antony 's views have only reinforced this decision .
i want , finally , to emphasise that the production of renewable raw materials will secure existing and new jobs in rural areas , including in the run-up to enlargement .
in accordance with article 12 of the act concerning the election of representatives to the european parliament by direct universal suffrage , parliament recognizes this vacancy .
i welcome this report as a positive improvement .
subject : sale of ipad subscriptions by apple
i support the rapporteur 's initiative which considers full transparency of charges. the established costs should be consistent with the convergence criteria based on the performance improvement scheme .
i would also highlight the wisdom , political skill and good humour he brought to bear in piloting the controversial and complex services directive through his committee .
road safety must be a priority .
( sk ) at present , we are giving almost one third of our budget to the eu 's cohesion policy in the 2007-2013 period .
when i see what hormones do to some people , the osce is the appropriate organization. nevertheless , we will ensure it is corrected .
the proposed new directive now extends the scope of community law to inland waterways and we need to support such a move .
the council statement on : equal opportunities ; equal participation by men and women ;
the vote will be taken tomorrow at 12 noon .
iran is also a contradictory example in terms of negotiations with the international community on the nuclear issue .
i would like to thank the honourable members who have supported me in the drawing up of this report .
finally , i have taken note of the strong support that you all expressed for sarajevo getting the title for the 2014 capital of culture .
mr president , i may be completely wrong , but i do not think we have voted on the original text of recital 44 .
the recently completed spanish presidency of the council of the european union , was , for at least several reasons , one of the most important of the last decade .
question no 2 has been withdrawn by the author .
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
we will continue to focus on the need to fully protect every individual 's right to religious freedom in pakistan or elsewhere .
b5-0267 / 2000 by mr lavarra and others , on behalf of the group of the party of european socialists , on the fight against organised crime ;
that concludes this item of the agenda. i would like to thank commissioner verheugen and president prodi .
the vote will take place on thursday , 17 january 2008 .
explanations of vote - schmid , gerhard report ( a5-0362 / 2001 )
the aim is to allow european producers of spirits to retain their indications of geographical origin on the world market .
the debate is continuing because of delays in the voting process .
presidential decree 81 / 2003 transposes directive 1999 / 70 / ec
i give the floor to mr verheugen to answer mr crowley 's question .
how would the council assess the situation of the ethnic minorities in serbia , especially the albanian community in the preševo valley , where civilians have again come under attack ?
– mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i should like to begin by congratulating mr guellec and my compatriot mr marques on their excellent reports .
i would ask you to supply my office with the relevant details and we will try to follow it up for you .
mr president , i have a point of order under rule 120 of the rules of procedure , which moreover is expressly quoted on page 25 of today ' s agenda .
the vote will take place today at 11.00 a.m.
this is a critical time for the future of the institutions : the convention is working on a new political and institutional framework for the union and enlargement is approaching .
mr president , i will try to be as quick as possible so that i do not try everyone 's patience at this late hour .
we are aware that over the last ten years , in your capacity as president of slovenia , you have played a key role in achieving positive development in your country .
b5-0440 / 2001 by yasmine boudjenah and others , on behalf of the gue / ngl group , on the human rights situation in egypt ;
( the president noted that there was no objection to the oral amendment ) -on paragraph 27
( explanation of vote abbreviated in accordance with rule 170 of the rules of procedure )
equality exists in law but there should be far more of it in practice .
new technologies and scientific discoveries have enabled us to aspire to a high level of environmental protection and to invest in these new areas of the car market .
as regards the usa , the eu is deeply concerned about the resumption of executions since the lifting of the de facto moratorium on the death penalty in may .
( pl ) mr president , extremism is a phenomenon supported by politicians who exploit racism , nationalism and xenophobia for their own ends. extremism often uses terrorism in pursuit of its aims .
question no 9 by roberto speciale ( h-0236 / 99 )
– mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i too feel strongly about the aspect of promoting road safety , particularly for motorcycles .
subject : abuse of eu research legislation covering orphan drugs
mr president , commissioner , i have , of course , nothing against the principle of the directive. it is an important instrument for future environmental policy .
in reality , this text , the only consensual virtues of which were hard won , merely delays the inevitable uncontrolled consequences of opening the postal sector to competition .
my second question is : how much was invested , financially as well as in other ways , in the internal development of the si 2 system ?
let it be clear : without a number of essential changes , we will be unable to vote in favour of the present report. thank you .
eight : the people of kosovo must know that the european union is prepared to help them along the road to peace .
on behalf of the alde group . - mr president , firstly i wish to congratulate mr krahmer for his excellent report on this difficult and most important subject .
( the oral amendment was not accepted . )
we will look towards berlin and , above all , towards this parliament .
18. restructuring of the sugar industry ( vote )
the next item is the report by mr juvin , on behalf of the committee on the internal market and consumer protection , on the impact of advertising on consumer behaviour .
a reinforcement of the community subsidy to eurojust ;
the european commission supports the document that was adopted by the conciliation committee .
( the sitting was opened at 9.00 a.m. )
. i voted in favour of ratifying the agreement reached between parliament and the council of ministers , for the following reasons :
however , the regulatory measures proposed must not lead to an obvious deterioration in the coverage of risks for companies .
of course i shall be voting against this dumbing down of democracy .
the impact of measures that are taken unilaterally can currently be seen in iraq. it is only by means of legal , agreed political solutions that peace can be ensured .
the minutes of yesterday 's sitting have been distributed .
it transpires from the commission 's analysis that :
could the record show – i know you cannot go back and retake the vote – that those members who voted did so in error .
in conclusion , this package is good for consumers and the internal market , and we will strongly support all three proposals .
in writing . - ( fr ) i must firstly thank mrs lambert for the quality of her work .
since the atlantic arc area is so extensive , however , an integrated strategy must be put in place to ensure better and more effective activities coordinated by member states .
- before the vote on paragraph 24
( for details of the outcome of the vote : see minutes )
the scourge of child pornography and child sex abuse is a serious blight on our society , wrecking the lives of those most vulnerable and worthy of protection .
mr president , item 4f has to do with the composition of the boards of directors of the european agencies. the text reads as follows :
that is perhaps one of the most difficult tasks we have , namely to ensure that the national politicians also have this dimension integrated into what they do .
- ( sv ) i have voted against the resolution , mainly because the european parliament is again offering its support to a militarisation of the eu .
( fr ) mr president , the report by mr garriga polledo , and i thank him and congratulate him on his work , is an ambitious summary that looks to the future .
25. eu economic and trade relations with russia ( vote )
and the commission ' s statement on the situation in kosovo .
after the roll-call vote on amendment no 67
furthermore , we believe that this deficiency in the legislation may be exacerbating a very serious phenomenon , that is , the rejection by young people of motherhood .
why are there immediate deportations of victims , which catch the countries of origin and international organisations like iom unaware , as opposed to a coordinated policy of assisted returns ?
mr winkler has already mentioned the trade ministerial meeting , which will be attended by commissioner mandelson and will advance the objective of a european free trade area .
before that , however , i would like to offer my profound gratitude to all the rapporteurs of the committees involved and the general rapporteur , mr mulder .
what will the council do to encourage turkey to take effective measures to combat ' crimes of honour ' ?
for the internal market to function smoothly , the commission 's proposal for a regulation on food information to consumers introduced a framework for voluntary origin indications .
( el ) the next item is the statements by the council and the commission on the deterioration of the situation in georgia .
the next item is the statement by the commission on pigmeat .
clearly , the union ' s best tool for disseminating its human rights model is the experience of migrants. yet our greatest failings in human rights involve these very people .
( the sitting was suspended at 1.45 p.m. and resumed at 3.00 p.m. )
the debate is closed. you must not enter into a dialogue. you must be aware of the rules of procedure and apply them .
concrete activities have been prepared in close cooperation with the president 's administration and the council of europe .
thank you very much for your statement , mr sylla. with your permission i will pass that information on to the president .
they included a call for action to secure better living conditions for women working in the fisheries sector and for the communities in which they live .
mrs hardstaff is requesting that the vote be postponed to the next part-session in brussels .
vice-president of the commission . - ( de ) mr president , honourable members , today 's debate takes place in the context of a development in the health sector that changes a great deal .
we shall now proceed to the vote .
b5 ­ 0107 / 01 by mrs berès , mr naïr and mrs iivari , on behalf of the pse group , on the human rights situation in the lao people 's democratic republic ;
it is time we learned the lessons of the financial crisis .
let us ensure that the european monitoring centre for racism and xenophobia in vienna becomes a fully-fledged human rights agency .
is the council considering new diplomatic measures or other types of action to help those countries hold back the fresh wave of illegal immigration currently affecting that area ?
author . - mr president , i will be brief. i find myself almost , indeed entirely , in agreement with the commissioner on this subject .
a few months ago , commissioner , this house and the council approved the sixth framework research programme. this programme established the single european area of research .
motion for a resolution ( b5-0027 / 2003 ) tabled by giuseppe di lello finuoli , on behalf of the gue / ngl group , on immigration and asylum policy
accordingly , and in light of the fact that the report makes reasonable and workable proposals , i voted in favour .
this voting procedure provides for the possibility of voting in favour , voting against , abstaining or not participating in the vote .
hodie mihi , cras tibi , it is my turn today , and it will be yours tomorrow !
mr president , regional integration is one of the fundamental causes of change in the world order today .
i congratulate the portuguese presidency for the way they conducted the conciliation , but i hope that parliament will be able to improve this situation internally for the future .
i would inform you that i have received seven draft resolutions , submitted pursuant to article 37 ( 2 ) of the rules .
i am speaking english. it would indeed be exciting if we had interpretation from english to english .
mr president , i am happy with the commissioner 's reply , and have no further questions .
finally , i would like to thank the committee for the excellent work it has done. much attention has been paid ...
on all these grounds , madam commissioner , i urge the commission to think again and withdraw its proposal on transitional measures concerning the regulation on technical measures in the mediterranean .
i declare adjourned the session of the european parliament .
the next item is the commission communication on questions relating to the work of the european group on ethics , science and new technologies .
question no 43 by alexandros alavanos ( h-0537 / 02 ) :
my first point is that the ep clearly and unconditionally supports the un conference of the parties to the convention on biological diversity .
i should like to ask you , commissioner , to acknowledge your responsibilities and to assume them .
without this ... there is not much hope !
the vote will take place today at 11.30 a.m.
subject : common organization of the market in bananas
the vote will take place on wednesday at 12 p.m.
question no 8 by mr lomas ( h-0410 / 96 )
on behalf of the ecr group . - mr president , france , of course , nurtured the ayatollah khomeini and flew him back to tehran .
we are fighting with all the workers to create ...
please promote the whole agenda , so that we do not have to end up regretting unfulfilled decisions , as happened in laeken with certain decisions taken in tampere .
this is not an area lacking in legislation ; quite the reverse , the question for us is how effective that legislation is in this mobile digital internet age .
questions which have not been answered for lack of time will receive written answers ( see annex ) .
we shall now proceed to the vote on the amendments to section i .
( the sitting was opened at 9.05 a.m. )
5. mobilisation of the european globalisation adjustment fund : cataluña automoción / spain (
does the commission believe that spain failed to comply with community law in not publishing these tenders ?
for these reasons , i will be voting for the amendment proposed by mr maccormick .
we therefore strongly urge all member states and the commission to support the international financial institutions ' hipc initiative for highly indebted poor countries .
this is a matter of principle that is all the more important in the context of the unbridled liberalisation of transportation promoted by the eu .
member of the commission . - mr president , i am really pleased to be able to discuss with you the contribution of taxation and customs policy to the lisbon strategy .
the vote will take place at the end of the debates .
agenda of the next sitting : see minutes
well , here it is , mr barroso. here it is .
- the oral question by jean lambert , on behalf of the verts / ale group , to the commission , on european union immigration policy ( o-0070 / 2006 b6-0318 / 2006 ) ,
oral questions and written declarations ( submission ) : see minutes
action taken on parliament 's positions and resolutions : see minutes
football matches are also suspended as a result of bad weather , but they are eventually played when the fog lifts or the storm passes .
- my group and i are pleased to have voted for and supported the ludford report which is concerning the important subject of the fight against racism and xenophobia .
a few labelling rules will not work , especially in places such as restaurants .
i ask mr van velzen to withdraw his comments and , if he wishes to repeat them , to do so in the presence of mr imbeni .
thank you , mrs cauquil. i am given to understand that mrs laguiller and mrs bordes are also involved in the explanation of vote that you have just given .
question no 27 by veronica hardstaff ( h-0906 / 97 )
we must also ensure that amendment no 45 by mr garcía-margallo y marfil is amended if it is to be adopted , because the same problem will arise .
a sustainable future for transport ( debate )
additionally , the rapporteur does not do justice to the principle of subsidiarity when he asks for community action in the field of education , technology and resources for the commission .
finally , i wish to take this opportunity to lend my support to all requests to increase spending on the socrates programme .
does this rejection mean that , following much-vaunted public investment , the unacceptable option of tendering the programme out to the private sector is already being considered ?
i very much hope we will defend a good budget but also keep an eye on focus in the programme .
on behalf of the alde group . - mr president , this social package is a welcome step forward in the building of a european community which cares for its citizens .
can the european commission lay out the current and future plans for investment funding for green technology under the 7th research and technology framework programme ?
the rural development measures must ensure that there are active rural areas with diversified production in the candidate countries and especially that they guarantee employment .
i have received six draft resolutions submitted under rule 108 ( 5 ) .
the european commission will also look into the potential for using decent work indicators as part of trade sustainability impact assessments .
thank you for your response , president-in-office .
the changes which the council 's common position proposes would create serious obstacles to the internal recycling market and are not acceptable to the commission .
commission declaration relating to article 20 ( 6 ) ( d ) , ( 7 ) and ( 8 )
the vote will take place on tuesday , 22 april 2008 .
it is also the guiding principle of the charter for small enterprises. we welcome the principle of amendment with reference to the charter .
however , the amendments tabled by this parliament with regard to the commission document often lack the necessary balance. that is why i cannot support the majority of these .
( parliament approved the request by mr goebbels to hold the vote again )
i would like to extend to you all my sincerest thanks for your commitment and for your passion for our common european cause .
thank you very much , commissioner nielson .
the next item is the debate on topical and urgent subjects of major importance .
. ambient air quality is a vital factor in the health and quality of life of europe ’ s citizens .
split over iraq , failure in cancun , snubbed in sweden , the stability pact wrecked , and now the constitutional fiasco , 2003 will indeed have been the for europe !
approval of minutes of previous sitting : see minutes
the eu will do all it can to help and support these two countries in their efforts to achieve their objectives , particularly as regards the rule of law .
if the discussion is now reduced to the vodka issue , we must ask ourselves , firstly , if this is justified and , secondly , what is behind this .
the vote will take place at 6.00 p.m.
i would ask that you pay a visit to iraq , in person , as soon as possible. you need to be seen in baghdad , and indeed in kurdistan .
madam president , thank you very much for this opportunity to explain the way i voted on the tec agreement .
mr president , i believe this is a very important directive which will reflect a europe of rights and a europe that receives those people who feel persecuted .
madam president , it is rather pointless continuing a debate which seems to have already ended , but let us carry on .
i have received one motion for a resolution in accordance with article 108 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure .
deadline for tabling amendments : see minutes
our nations will remain great powers in the next century only insofar as they have successfully met the challenge of the mediterranean partnership .
thank you very much , congratulations on the results but let us change in the future .
( the oral amendment was not accepted )
parliament has been contributing to the formulation and implementation of these strategies for some time , via the interparliamentary dialogue. it will undoubtedly support any steps forward in this field .
in conclusion , i agree with the substance of the rapporteur 's amendment no 4 , but i do not think that this directive is the right place to address this issue .
this , at least , is the view taken by the dutch presidency .
before enlargement can go ahead , we must make the necessary reforms to the community institutions .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11.00 a.m.
in our view , the council should allow member states a transitional period to implement the directive , so that women do not suffer unduly .
so , if we really must get rid of something , it is the bugetarist ideology , the pettiness and malthusianism of the commission in brussels that we need to eradicate .
question no 32 by julio añoveros trias de bes ( h-0709 / 97 )
( the sitting was suspended at 1.36 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
these measures are detrimental to people 's needs and the development of the profitability of capital in the field of the environment .
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
there is still some doubt as to whether ports come within the eu 's field of competence , or even whether they should be regarded as part of the tens .
we could see developing countries suffer considerably for a financial mess they did not create. therefore member states should maintain the status quo .
islamic republic of mauritania - b5-0545 / 2001 by mr rod , mrs maes and mrs isler béguin , on behalf of the verts / ale group , on mauritania ;
i declare adjourned the session of the european parliament .
the following amendments have been proposed :
1. fortieth anniversary of the customs union ( vote )
mr brinkhorst , we have come to the end of this debate. i understand your comment , which has been noted , but the discussion is over .
( fr ) mr president , i should like to table an oral amendment , the aim of which is to add ' the poorest countries ' in place of ' the developing countries ' .
we will ensure that the language versions are corrected and correspond to one another .
the failure to include the risk of terrorism in the stress tests means that the profits of the nuclear power companies will be protected against costly modernisation measures .
we are not nowadays a fan club. definitely not. we are a europe of citizens. we have to be accountable to everyone .
mr president , i should like to talk about the subject of my report , which is slovenia .
( the president cut off the speaker )
in view of the fact that the report contains several proposals along these lines , i shall be voting against it in the final vote .
the report by our friend , mr giegold , asks questions of you , mr rehn , which come under your responsibility and not that of the european central bank .
the first two to request the floor were mr purvis and mr rübig. mr posselt had also requested the floor , but you will be aware that only two can speak .
the next item is the debate on
concerning the fta : we now need delivery. a comprehensive bilateral between us and india is not just of importance to us and india but is of global significance .
this is an essential objective , as it plays a very specific role in achieving the principle of free movement of people within community territory .
those of our fellow members who believe that we are here , first and foremost , to protect the interests of our respective peoples will vote against these two draft directives .
( first part of the changes : see previous item )
it is clear that the eu is giving with one hand only to , later on or straightaway , go begging with both ... hypocrisy .
( pl ) mr president , ukraine is a country with strategic importance within the european neighbourhood policy , and it is an important partner for the countries of the european union .
with these reservations we shall , however , vote for the report in its entirety .
mr president , i join in sending best wishes to our rapporteur , wishing him a speedy recovery and return .
these , in brief , are the reasons for my vote against the report .
( the president cut off the speaker )
the european institutions have not yet managed to complete negotiations in favour of european citizens. thus , every member state has to find independent methods for solving the situation .
thank you , commissioner , and christmas greetings to you .
i will take up that matter and correspond with the commission and with you in due course .
finally , the europe direct contact centre provides free-of-charge factual information on eu-related questions from citizens and businesses in all 23 official languages by phone , e-mail and web assistance .
indeed , for a few years now , we have once again been observing a tendency for regional disparities to increase , particularly in the field we are considering today .
( parliament rejected the request from the group of the party of european socialists )
i fully support the report by our colleague and first vice-president , nicole fontaine .
this , commissioner , is what you should lay on the wto negotiating table - this new customs technology - so that we can abolish our archaic customs system .
there are ever-increasing cases in which dangerous criminals use the freedom of movement and the elimination of borders within the european union to avoid judgment .
difficult monetary , economic and social situation of eurozone countries ( debate )
b5-0472 / 2001 by nelly maes and others , on behalf of the verts / ale group , on the situation in chad .
( b5-0581 / 2001 ) by mr andrews , on behalf of the uen group , on the worsening of the situation in zimbabwe ;
mr president , there was detailed discussion within the committee on women 's rights , and i do not feel that we can accept any oral amendment in the part-session .
this is a well-balanced directive. the rapporteur should be congratulated on having reached a fair compromise and achieved a good balance on this matter .
there have been delays in getting the new institutions going ; there must not be any delay in getting the answers going that europeans expect from the next council .
the first item is the vote on two requests for urgent procedure in relation to :
but at the same time we already see rising tensions there , and hopefully these will not , of course , jeopardise the somewhat improved bilateral exchanges at grass-root level .
( whilst waiting for the next debate , the sitting was suspended at 4.45 p.m. and resumed at 5 p.m. )
that obviously violates the treaty right away. it is badly drafted. and i could give further examples of this kind of thing to justify our abstention .
mr president , the commission has followed the case of taslima nasreen very closely since 1994 when she was obliged to leave her country to escape prosecution and death threats .
ladies and gentlemen , the debate is adjourned. it will be resumed this afternoon .
madam president , unfortunately we are again forced to concern ourselves with violence and human rights abuses in kenya .
what is the commission 's view ? can the commissioner confirm that the commission supports this plan ?
but for us , unfortunately , the commission 's proposals move in the completely opposite direction .
member . - mr president , i would ask the speaker to consider how much all this costs the taxpayer .
mr president , the commission has taken note of the recent debate with concern .
in this spirit i commend cooperation to all the institutions concerned !
( the sitting was suspended at 12.30 p.m. and resumed at 3.00 p.m. )
common definitions , methods and standards in the area of combating illegal immigration are a sine qua non in the process of creating a common european policy on migration .
the european parliament is now engaged in a vote on the compulsory expropriation of genetic resources. for this reason i am voting against the rothley report .
b5-0168 / 1999 , by mr schroedter and others , on behalf of the greens / ale group , on the war in chechnya ;
the vote will be taken tomorrow at 9.00 a.m.
perhaps i might now - and i am speaking at rather greater length than planned , i seem to be on form in that respect today ...
the undersigned övp members have voted for the budget , because it is a good and important instrument for the further development of our common union .
' whereas six days of opposition rallies erupted in violence when police security forces ' etc .
( el ) madam president , the eyes of the whole of europe - and not just europe - have been on greece recently , as numerous speakers have already said .
b5-0105 / 99 by mr staes , mr wuori , mr lagendijk and mrs rühle , on behalf of the verts / ale group , on the kosovo citizens in captivity .
secondly , we have managed to reduce the original subdivision into three categories of driving licence to two , which will lead to administrative simplification and streamlining .
as i stated in my answer , the general wording on human rights is included in the draft association agreement which is now on the table .
2 ) assessment of national action plans ;
b5-0087 / 2002 by mrs ghilardotti and mr van den berg on behalf of the group of the party of european socialists ,
just as an example , to help us understand the state of mind of the authors of this text , here are two passages from it .
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
for that reason , the battle against the patentability of software that we are conducting in this house has become a battle for freedom and democracy .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11.30 a.m.
the vote will take place tomorrow .
( the sitting was suspended at 19.30 and resumed at 21.00 )
for passenger cars , more energy efficient tyres can save up to 10 % on fuel costs .
i believe that , thanks to mr stockmann ’ s mediation , these amendments finally convinced people that a compromise was possible and persuaded the council to accept it without going any further .
thank you , mr van den broek .
women 's rights and equal opportunities in mediterranean countries
mr president , commissioner , we can all see that natural disasters are on the increase because they are caused by changes in both climate and land use .
mr dell 'alba has the floor to make a clarification about when this would come into force .
1. governance and partnership at national , regional and project basis in the field of regional policy ( rule 117 ) ( vote )
we have a challenging agenda in front of us. we are looking forward to your support , and the support of united states congress , to accomplish it .
- ( b5-0495 / 2003 ) by mr collins , on behalf of the uen group , on the threat to the peace process in sri lanka ;
we shall now proceed to the votes .
6. national aid granted by finland for seeds and cereal seed ( vote )
europe must be self-sufficient. this is also important for preventing climate change , because short transportation distances and local food are the best way of preventing climate change .
section vi - economic and social committee
it follows that the proposal for an eu charter of fundamental rights should be rejected , of course along with the ' new ' treaty for the eu .
( b5-0238 / 2002 ) by mrs kinnock , on behalf of the pse group , on the eu position for the next special session of the un general assembly on children ;
ultimately , however , in a direct or indirect way all countries , and even institutions , are drawn into the cauldron .
b5-0099 / 2001 , by mr dupuis and others , on behalf of the tdi group , on the human rights situation in chechnya ;
( the house observed a minute 's silence )
i have received one motion for a resolution tabled in accordance with rule 115 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure .
the next item is the commission communication on the mission by commissioner patten to serbia .
thus the main theme of the forthcoming major weo conference in lisbon could be the safeguarding of peace and security throughout the african continent .
mr president , can i start by congratulating the rapporteurs arroni , torres marques and wolf on three excellent reports dealing in great detail with the euro .
i do , however , disagree with the reports when they call for a treaty clause on sport .
unfortunately , this has not been a good presidency for the workers and poor of the european union .
madam president , i will speak on the union 's accession to the european convention on human rights. i want to underline that i am going to speak as a lawyer .
mr watson , we will have more to discuss. some place an emphasis on protection , others on freedom. perhaps we can meet halfway .
even today , the french army maintains a presence in côte d ’ ivoire to protect , not the people , but french capitalist interests .
finally , we want the promises and commitments given about compensation for the victims to be honoured , because here too justice must prevail .
throughout the world there is resistance to an earlier end to the use of these materials. the european union should , as already agreed , lead with a good example here .
interruption by mr cohn-bendit : no , i said you were the bourgeois party ...
i will not continue mr president , because this is a public debate and i prefer to stop here .
1. approving the appointment of mrs androula vassiliou as a member of the commission (
would the commissioner like to take this opportunity to condemn the ageism which is widespread throughout the european union and is still a major problem ?
the absence of protection for eu citizens against the abuse of their data provided under this agreement to the united states and to third countries , and
( the president cut off the speaker )
improving food security is one of the challenges that will need to be tackled with the reform of the common agricultural policy ( cap ) after 2013 .
the irish presidency has placed action to combat drugs high on its agenda .
clearly we cannot be complacent. we have to keep up the momentum .
i have received five motions for resolutions pursuant to rule 103 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
president. i warmly congratulate our two rapporteurs , mr dimitrakopoulos and mr leinen .
proposal for a council regulation amending regulation ( ec ) no 21 / 2004 as regards the date of introduction of electronic identification for ovine and caprine animals - c6-0448 / 2007 -
in writing . - ( sv ) this own-initiative report highlights fisheries and aquaculture within the context of integrated coastal zone management in europe .
i acknowledge the commission ’ s prudence in proposing the adoption of experimental pilot programmes , which will be subject to the future presentation of an evaluation report .
b5-0660 / 2001 by mr lagendijk and others , on behalf of the verts / ale group ,
parliament 's amendments improve the commission 's proposal to an extent , but since the fundamental direction remains , we are voting against the quisthoudt-rowohl report in the final vote .
2000 discharge : section iii of the general budget
we will therefore need more time for this .
thank you very much , commissioner patten .
to that extent , i do understand your country 's reticence , but it seems to me that your position is undermining the value of the text under discussion .
( ga ) the effect of chernobyl on the world and the current events in fukushima are clear evidence of the devastation which nuclear mishaps inflict on local communities .
europe will only move forward if the european institutions , and in particular the commission and parliament , work in an atmosphere of mutual respect and positive cooperation .
1. on the proposal for a council regulation introducing specific measures for certain agricultural products for the french overseas departments ( com ( 2000 ) 791 - c5-0744 / 2000 - 2000 / 0313 ( cns ) )
madam president , i am going to respond to the first two questions because they relate to an extremely topical issue of very wide general interest .
( the sitting was closed at 6.45 p.m. )
ladies and gentlemen , thank you for a very intensive debate which , although short , has helped to enrich the concept of flexicurity. allow me to thank the rapporteur especially .
the commission cannot , therefore , accept amendments nos 1 and 2 .
i declare the session of the european parliament adjourned .
2. improving the position - even if it is not ideal - of people with disabilities and reduced mobility in connection with this mode of transport ;
i hope that the council will agree to such a revaluation .
( explanation of vote cut short in accordance with rule 137 ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure ) .
mr president , baroness ashton , ladies and gentlemen , thank you for all the speeches which , once again , have helped to enrich the debate , to enrich this report .
i would like to thank my colleague for waiving his supplementary and thank the president-in-office for taking the question .
i do have one small regret : that french citizens make very little use of this procedure .
first of all , the budget is near enough double the size of the original amount. we have gone from eur 50 million to eur 93 million .
i would repeat : urgency for beef and veal , but not for the other two reports. that was decided quite clearly by the committee .
( ro ) i too wish to join those who have expressed their condolences to the nigerian people whose president died last night .
one : the creation of conditions of security , so that all sides can sit around the negotiating table .
the debate is closed. the vote will take place tomorrow at 12.00 .
also , as you have congratulated this house so much , do you not think it is time for this parliament to be the main european legislator ?
because the report opposes a reduction in the intervention price of cereal , we are voting against the committee ' s proposal .
mr lannoye , i can confirm that the conference of presidents did decide to set up a special committee to deal with all these matters .
in this context , discharges from ships on the high seas require particular concern and attention .
in their different ways , all three symbolise the fight to consolidate human rights in the world .
the vote will take place on wednesday at 11.30 a.m.
3. community action programme to promote activities in the field of the protection of the community 's financial interests ( hercule ii programme ) ( vote )
on the united nations world day to overcome extreme poverty .
as regards mrs thors ' report , mr president , it echoes the ombudsman 's special report which requests greater access for the public to the documents of the community institutions
question no 63 by anne van lancker ( h-0114 / 98 )
two : the same priority should be given to a directive on the promotion of biofuel-based heat production .
it would also be good for the importance of organic farming to be stressed more within the field of education and for the sector to be better promoted .
industrial emissions ( integrated pollution prevention and control ) ( recast ) ( debate )
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions on the bomb attacks in mumbai :
( parliament adopted the two legislative resolutions in successive votes )
for these reasons , we will vote against the proposal for an air transport agreement between the united states and the european union .
the group of the european people ’ s party ( christian democrats ) and european democrats has presented specific amendments in response to these questions .
moreover , there is a non-negotiable obligation to respect the copenhagen criteria , the first of which has to do with human rights .
mr president , i would like to begin by joining those who congratulated the rapporteur on this work .
( the president cut off the speaker )
these standards are vital for the respect of the non-refoulement principle and are , by no means , limited by any readmission agreement , which is a very , very important point .
– mr president , this pre-election incident has absolutely nothing to do with my group , which is why i had intended to keep quiet .
this is a proposal that i endorse , which is why i have signed it .
the voting will be held at noon tomorrow .
i think that the union should do more to increase the maritime transport safety in the region .
subject : noise pollution from motor vehicles
what does the council intend to do about the existence of such programmes ?
beijing + 15 - un platform for action for gender equality ( debate )
motion for a resolution ( b5-0052 / 2003 ) tabled by charles pasqua on behalf of the uen group , on the illegal exploitation of the wealth of the democratic republic of congo
i have a series of questions for the commissioner. if they are not answered tonight , i would like them to be answered in writing if that is possible .
( the speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under rule 149 ( 8 ) )
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see minutes
( the president established that as there were no objections , the resolution was deemed adopted )
ladies and gentlemen , we have prolonged our session of one-minute speeches by 15 minutes .
( applause and laughter ) i mean comrade in the ' comradely ' way. we are all comrades in a certain sense and that is how i mean it .
( pl ) it is good that parliament has drawn up a report on solvit containing suggestions for the european commission and the member states .
. in order to meet its international commitments , the european union must formally approve the decision on the conclusion of the århus convention .
mr president , africa is an unfortunate continent. it has been going steadily downhill for the last 30 years .
i have received six motions for a resolution concerning the murders of human rights lawyers in russia ( rule 122 ) .
i would not like to finish without congratulating the rapporteur on his willingness to enter into dialogue and for his vigorous and thorough work .
– do you believe , commissioner , that these problems will delay russia 's membership of the wto ?
faced with this , we in the council asked ourselves the first question : we have to do something , but where do we start ?
let us make sure that it is respected !
such a statement is blatantly dishonest and he knows that well .
the vote will take place during the may part-session .
what are the concrete steps which the german presidency is going to make in order to achieve its goal concerning timely ratification of the constitution ?
since i only have a minute 's speaking time , i shall begin by offering my brief congratulations to the rapporteur .
but at the same time we cannot endorse the justification for these measures , namely to create an additional 1254 posts without incurring any additional expenditure .
i have received one motion for a resolution pursuant to rule 40 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12.00 noon .
the european union must also increase its expenditure on agriculture , since the 4 % allocated to development policy so far is decidedly too little .
the vote will take place at 6.30 p.m.
mr president , if you had given me the floor first , as rapporteur , i would have been able to cover the point raised by mrs mccarthy .
- considers that the fight against income inequalities and the promotion of real convergence should be at the top of the eu ´ s economic and social agenda .
mr president , as you know , i am presenting this report , standing in for mr vecchi , who has had to leave for family reasons .
mr president , the eu must hold itself responsible for standing by when defenceless women and children continue to suffer at the hands of gun-toting rebels and army men .
( the president cut off the speaker )
in particular , we need to speed up the process of revising directive 90 / 314 / eec on package travel , just as we need , on the one hand , to equip ourselves ...
as regards advertising , an increasing comparison is made between labelling needs for tobacco products and vehicles .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 9 a.m.
in view of our indignation , it was decided to add our opinion to the final report as an ' erratum / addendum ' , without a vote , which is scarcely any better .
i have voted against the report because , in accordance with the principle of subsidiarity , the eu really does not have , or should not have , its own forestry policy .
mrs müller , we shall see what music accompanies the council 's reply !
i do not think we have made a sufficient effort to promote alternative sources of energy , even though the community institutions have dealt with the matter on several occasions .
and now , " bon appétit , " mr president. i hope there will be a good risotto on the menu .
( several members protest loudly and display banners and placards . )
i appreciate that the directive will accomplish its objective : diminishing uncertainty concerning the circulation of this type of product throughout the community while retaining national decision-making in the matter .
the vote will take place on thursday at 11.00 a.m.
question no 9 by manuel medina ortega ( h-1045 / 96 ) :
firstly , i think that the commissioner might have been able to come to my question , but i have no problem because it is related to this .
this part-session has produced a rich crop of reports on transport. i must , unfortunately , observe , however , that this sector is examined only from the liberal point of view .
if nothing helpful is forthcoming in the course of a parliamentary debate planned for clarification and orientation , then we must at least abstain from voting .
( parliament adopted the amended common position )
has there been a change in the rules of procedure ? i thought it was the questioner who had a supplementary , plus two other members .
12. enhanced cooperation in the area of the creation of unitary patent protection (
the commission wanted to strike the right balance between innovation and generic competition by adjusting criteria for achieving it .
modifications to the establishment plan of olaf , without additional financial provisions .
( it ) madam president , ladies and gentlemen , congratulations , commissioner , and welcome .
i have received six motions for resolutions , pursuant to rule 37 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure :
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11.30 a.m.
we are extremely concerned with the scale of the current problem , especially given what is happening in the serious armed conflicts , in libya in particular .
regarding amendment 2 , i would like to point out that it is my intention to make a dedicated proposal on this subject early next year .
i am therefore asking for the wording of the resolution to be much more forceful than it is at present .
the european countries should forget the distractions of the european rapid reaction force separate from nato and concentrate instead on improving military capabilities for alliance operations .
3. delegation of the tasks of laboratory testing (
i welcome the report and i will , like mr evans , finish within my time to show the spirit of christmas. a happy christmas to everybody .
thank you , mr titley , for the 20 years you have dedicated to the european cause .
it is more consistent and more effective .
in addition , the concept of ' commercial scale ' has been left rather vague. would a busker fall within this scope ? is personal use excluded ?
we shall be voting in favour of mr sjöstedt 's report .
since the time allocated to questions to the council has now expired , questions nos 20 to 59 will be dealt with in writing .
we will have to ask what is happening , and we will let you know , mr coelho .
let us say that it has been a rather sophisticated use of rule 145 .
so that there are no doubts , we are now going to vote solely on what mr andersson was saying , that is ' no relatives of members be employed ' .
is the uk , as the country holding the presidency , setting a good example ?
. i voted for the libe committee 's position , but against the overall resolution .
thank you , mrs ahern , we shall take steps to ensure that this does not happen again .
( the president cut the speaker off )
for the time being , i can only recommend that parliament accepts the results of this conciliation procedure .
all of us bear the responsibility for making this a reality. we must continue to use the democratic process to achieve democratic peace .
mr van den broek has asked for the floor .
subject : mdg 2 and ilo child labour conventions
the vote will take place on wednesday , 24 october .
this is a grass-roots vision that represents a fundamental contribution to the european social model .
with the second agreement , things were very clear. our moroccan friends and i were in no doubt that this was going to be the final agreement .
written declarations included in the register ( rule 116 ) : see minutes
i also wished to say to you , mrs harms , and to all your fellow members , that i have listened carefully and will relay your concerns to my colleagues .
how can the commission guarantee that biodiversity and the natura 2000 network are protected and not threatened ?
i would ask the president-in-office of the council to forgive this technical incident and to remain in our debate .
first of all , the consumer must pay , but it is , of course , not the intention for the consumer to pay twice .
i say to you in generous terms , please get out more , come and spend more time with us and together let us build a real consumer-driven internal market .
mr evans , that message will certainly be passed on to the president of parliament. i hope we can look at it within the bureau .
( es ) madam president , we know that international conflicts affect women in particular : the majority of refugees and displaced persons , for example , are women .
18. common system of vat as regards tax evasion linked to import and other cross-border transactions (
the commission will work closely with parliament , the council , the member states and civil society in transforming the strategy objectives into better health for all across the european union .
the commission has modified its proposal , in line with amendments put forward by parliament on 4 december 2003 .
( the speaker agreed to take three blue card questions under rule 149 ( 8 ) )
let us not , either , minimize the complications arising from the move over to the euro for older or illiterate people .
( written statement abbreviated in accordance with rule 149 )
we therefore object to the use of the european satellite radionavigation service galileo for military or security purposes , as is currently envisaged .
would it be in order for the commissioner to send me a copy of his reply to mr cappato , because i have an interest in this subject ?
1. coordination of safeguards required of companies ( article 54 tfeu ) ( c7-0037 / 2011 ) ( vote )
thank you , mrs laguiller. i will give the letter my utmost attention .
an unduly favourable pension system should also come in for the same criticism .
the votes were distributed as follows :
the commission cannot accept the following amendments : nos 2 , 7 , 8 and 13
i declare the session of the european parliament adjourned .
however , daily reality casts doubt on the success of these objectives and the presence of violence is becoming perceptible both in private life and in public places .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
( the president cut off the speaker )
on behalf of the uen group . - madam president , can i too congratulate mrs hassi on her work and contribution to this debate .
( the president cut the speaker off )
that , of course , is the first statement which with i opened the sitting today and i made precisely that call .
in accordance with rule 37 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure , i have received six motions for resolutions to end the debate .
( pt ) mr president , the process of assessing turkey 's compliance with the eu 's accession criteria involves frequent evaluation of the progress that has been made , not least on human rights .
members voting : 548 blank or spoilt ballots : 33 votes cast : 515 absolute majority : 258
madam president , commissioner , speaking on behalf of the union for europe of the nations group , i would like to draw attention to the following matters .
the commission can agree to amendment 14 , as the responsibilities of the transporter shall include the assurance that animals are properly identified and registered .
17. the basic salaries and allowances applicable to europol staff ( vote )
the agreement is to be supported provided the product-approval procedures become shorter and simpler without compromising on safety standards .
( es ) mr president , schengen is a milestone in the construction of the area of liberty , security and justice .
. this is an enormously significant resolution , which has marked out clear boundaries .
next we shall examine the motion for a resolution by the pse , alde , gue / ngl and verts / ale groups .
the vote will take place today at 12 noon .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
commissioner , the european commission needs to study in detail the points made in this motion and develop the recommendations made therein by introducing practical measures .
mr president , i should just like to raise a point of order , for which i apologize .
and , of course , everything related to respiratory diseases and allergies gives cause for alarm. over the last ten years , the number of allergies has multiplied by 120 .
for this reason , in the spirit of this motion for a resolution , we shall be voting in the same way .
composition of committees and delegations : see minutes
if you would be so kind , ladies and gentlemen , we will now observe a minute ' s silence for the victims .
that will be corrected , mr sturdy .
34. community guidelines for the development of the trans-european transport network ( recast ) (
we shall now proceed to the vote .
forwarding of texts adopted during the sitting : see minutes
we are now recognising the importance of tackling smaller particulates , which are so damaging to people 's health , and have avoided increasing implementation periods .
forwarding of texts adopted during the sitting : see minutes
i am going to focus on the third question , which is : what strategy does the commission intend to pursue to enable eu industry to become more competitive ?
it is quite clear that more than 32 members objected to the oral amendment. it is therefore not accepted .
we have abstained from voting in the final vote on mr belder 's report on the accessibility of public web sites .
madam president , thank you very much for that message of condolence , which is what i wanted to talk about concerning india .
we have , it seems , many valid reasons for rejecting the resolution .
the question is that this data is needed for authorisation to market .
flights via london heathrow - none .
structural funds programmes to the end of 1999
the debate will take place on thursday at 12 noon .
mr howitt , thank you for bringing those matters to our attention .
on the third question , relating to an unnamed belgian real estate entrepreneur , the commission has no knowledge of the pressures suggested by the honourable member .
subject : message for fao high-level meeting
i declare the session of the european parliament adjourned .
a report by the chairman of the convention will give us first-hand knowledge of the progress of the reflections at this preparatory forum for the future intergovernmental conference .
the commission , administrations of member states and the entire ' european beef industry ' , including the livestock farmers , have done much to improve traceability to restore this confidence .
the vote was suspended at 11.40 a.m. for the formal sitting
the vote will take place at 12 noon .
1. community statistics relating to external trade with non-member countries (
that is not a question for mrs lope fontagné. if you want to speak under the catch-the-eye procedure , you will have that opportunity at the end of the debate .
the private sector - in other words monopoly companies - acquire jurisdiction in issues of national security which were previously the responsibility of the government alone .
thank you for that very comprehensive reply , commissioner .
10. eea-switzerland : obstacles with regard to the full implementation of the internal market (
sweden has applied for assistance from the european globalisation adjustment fund in respect of redundancies within the automotive sector in sweden .
i fully subscribe to this idea .
however , we will take note of the comments and forward them to the committee .
i give the floor to mrs oomen-ruijten , to move the request .
the next item is the one-minute speeches on matters of political importance .
secondly : what budget is required by a currency union ?
the european union must accept its responsibilities as a global player and , to this end , it must stand firm and speak with one voice on the world stage .
basic freedoms in serbia and kosovo
properly applied this regulation will go a long way to enhance the reputation , quality and safety of eu beef - good news for consumers and producers !
proper regulation of working time is a cornerstone for social europe. it reconciles work and family life and addresses an important health and safety issue .
19. consumer rights ( final vote ) (
finally , mr president , i really do think that gift wrap should be covered by the definition of packaging .
if , then , we have difficulties with opec , let us implement competition policy within the eu .
thank you very much for your support today .
we must focus on parliament 's core task and elsewhere employ a great deal of constraint .
( the president cut off the speaker )
question no 69 will be answered in writing .
( for details of the outcome of the vote : see minutes )
the next item is the debate on six motions for resolutions concerning trafficking in children in guatemala ( 1 ) .
in the areas where it is granted , state aid is important in order to supplement and guarantee better economic and social cohesion and also territorial cohesion .
i am delighted that my socialist friend agrees , but i would never venture to speak for his group. he will do that himself shortly .
this is down to a whole series of specific factors , such as geographical disadvantages , deficient education or the collapse of planned economies attracting a large and low-skilled labour force .
lastly , i should like to inform the president and the rapporteur that amendments nos 1 to 4 in the swedish version of the text make no sense at all .
we shall now adjourn until voting time .
madam president , fake medicines , as we have heard , are an increasing problem .
therefore , on behalf of the commission , i would ask you to agree to this declaration .
mr president , i have three short questions to ask mr fischler .
firstly - i would not wish to deny this - turkey is a key economic factor. and indeed , we should not deny this .
report ( a5-0094 / 2001 ) by mrs keßler , on behalf of the committee on citizens ' freedoms and rights , justice and home affairs , on the following proposals :
i think i have replied to the main points that have been made , but we will also take full account of each and every one of them .
we take note of your statement and your wishes .
( b5-0494 / 00 ) by mr pasqua on behalf of the union for europe of the nations group to the commission on political parties at european level .
it was jacques delors who proposed the european training cheque , and i urge your house to draw on it !
( ro ) in the three reports which we have debated today , i have come across some relevant , useful points for defining the european union 's future policies as a global player .
madam president , my colleague chris patten has spoken about korea in this house more than once and he tends to refer to north korea as a strange country .
the vote will take place tomorrow , tuesday , at noon .
( the sitting was closed at 12.20 a.m. )
the vote will take place at noon tomorrow .
– mr president , allow me to say something different from what we have heard so far .
i would therefore suggest that we avoid any delays and make a specific commitment to this particular type of victim protection .
the vote will take place immediately after the ongoing debates .
it is in this context that we need to know the council 's position and also monitor its development .
mr president , i would like to congratulate the european citizens and the researchers on the approval of the buzek report on the seventh framework programme .
obviously the most hard done by are young people and opponents to the regime .
we are talking about 15 countries here and you must all endeavour to further your commitment and participate more seriously in this process .
good luck , therefore , for the intergovernmental conference and for the summit ! but i wish you even more luck for ratification in the 27 member states .
is this not an appropriate procedure to use for the enlargement of the union should the irish people vote against the treaty of nice once again ?
taking into account previous adjustment decisions , we find ourselves with an increase in the category 2 ceiling of approximately 18 % in relation to the 1998 budget .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
i look forward to continuing the discussion , not only with parliament and mr howitt , but also with the ngo community .
are you requesting an interruption of one minute ?
as a means of cementing a lasting peace and promoting the ideals to which we are all committed , i support mr belder 's report .
i declare the session of the european parliament adjourned .
this document therefore merits my support .
( b4-0174 / 97 ) moved by mrs poisson , on behalf of the committee on agriculture and rural development , on the 1998 set-aside rate .
as the author is not present , question no 30 lapses .
i am personally committed to the decision that was taken .
i think that the proposal to have some sort of coastguard cooperation is one which is worthy of more constructive and detailed examination .
announcement of the removal of mr le pen from office
the debate is closed , and the vote will take place shortly .
after the vote on the amendments
on behalf of the verts / ale group . - mr president , firstly my thanks to mr krahmer , who has been a very constructive and well-organised rapporteur for this directive .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i wholeheartedly support any initiative aimed at developing the union for the mediterranean .
there is a complete lack of proportion , both globally and in the eu , between the investments made in military hardware and our investments in genuinely sustainable security .
yet as europe was governed in 1996 by our old friends – and not the ones you would think ! – the second order was the one that was kept .
– thank you , mrs banotti . ( 1 )
mr president , i understand mr cohn-bendit ’ s spontaneous reaction , and i should therefore like to try to provide him with an explanation .
both the public and private finance allocated to education must be increased , and member states must seriously consider the need to build on the bologna and copenhagen processes .
at the same time , however , it should be stressed that india is the biggest beneficiary under the generalised system of preferences , with preferential access to the union 's market .
congratulations once again. hopefully , this progress will continue with the new presidencies .
i would like to wish you good luck , because we know full well how demanding your political task is. i shall now come back to three points .
nevertheless , we request that discharge for 1997 be granted where parliament is concerned .
that concludes the explanations of vote .
i suggest that we accept mr hernández mollar 's oral amendment .
lastly , we believe european coordination is needed to make these changes mandatory .
with this happy news , we end this debate .
b5-638 / 2001 by mrs muscardini , on behalf of the uen group , on the southern caucasus ;
( parliament rose and observed one minute 's silence )
nevertheless , it is fair to say that two aspects have not always been taken sufficiently into account .
( es ) bon dia , madam president. i am sorry that mr vidal-quadras is no longer chairing the sitting , as i am sure that he would have appreciated my speech .
mr president , first of all i should like to thank mr valdivielso de cué for his excellent report on quotas for certain fishery products originating in ceuta .
the free trade agreement is one of the central elements of the broader association agreement we are negotiating with ukraine in the context of the neighbourhood policy .
i can therefore approve the d 'ancona report , given that it develops these aspects. i must , however , indicate my disagreement with two other subjects contained in this report .
to rally all the parties involved .
( ga ) mr president , i was pleased to support this resolution as well .
– we are obliged to the council .
. ( sv ) we swedish social democrats support the proposal for the employment strategy. it is important for the european parliament to give its support to this strategy .
the greek presidency promoted a substantial improvement in relations between the european union and russia at the summit held in st petersburg .
written statements ( rule 142 of the rules of procedure )
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12.00 noon .
the next item is the debate on seven motions for resolutions on zimbabwe .
stop the massacre , stop the violation of civil liberties , stop the intimidation of the dalai lama !
i support amendment no 14 , tabled by mr tannock , which upholds the free movement of the heirs to the italian and greek thrones and supports the monarchy .
mr president , i share the view of mrs maes .
rapporteur . - ( nl ) mr president , i should once again like to thank everyone , including the shadow rapporteurs from the various committees and the commissioner .
measures to combat the rise in oil prices ( debate )
we share this point of view entirely and feel that this is an excellent report .
thank you , mr wojciechowski , you have spoken in accordance with rule 122 and your comments will be recorded in the minutes .
if we want to act in the interests of the citizens of the european union , we should invest precisely in the field of atomic research , development and education .
not even the most radical pro-choice supporters are actively advocating abortion. abortion is a choice many women make for a variety of reasons - many tragic .
mrs mcnally , i fully understand what you are asking. i believe we all share your concern and we shall devote all our attention to resolving the matter .
- ( fr ) the interreg community initiative is just one element of an ill-fated european regional policy .
another good piece of news is that the timetable will be flexible , so that the convention may enjoy greater freedom .
secondly , the community budget should simply not be used to finance translations , nor should applicants be obliged to use the translation services of the european institutions .
in writing . - i voted for these sections of the 2008 budget .
ok , you will still be here to vote after the president 's speech , but let us go ahead now with the vote on the 2012 calendar .
i said that the verification would be done. it is going to be done immediately , so i will keep you informed in the next few minutes .
i thank you very much for your attention. i am now available to answer your questions .
the sitting was suspended at 1.48 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m.
b5-0273 / 2001 by mr rod and mrs maes , on behalf of the verts / ale group ;
it is not a renewal of the social agenda that is needed , but a thorough change of your perverse system .
what sanctions can the commission apply to countries which do not respect european intellectual property rights ?
subject : health and safety conditions for construction workers
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
mr president , commissioner , first of all i should like to give mr parish my thanks , congratulations and support for his report .
we need at least to consider switching resources away from attacking the supply of drugs and towards attacking demand .
this topsy-turvy world is yours if you want it .
it is important that we also ensure that each member state appoints a coordinator by the end of september to be responsible for the programme 's implementation .
( explanation of vote abbreviated in accordance with rule 163 ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure )
i declare adjourned the session of the european parliament .
we must support this and other agreements , because they promote the development of our partner countries .
and because i cannot say these things , i cannot justify to the electorate who voted for me a vote in favour of this new commission .
the first lesson is that we should no longer treat lightly the obligations placed on states - whatever their size - to respect budget limits .
does the commission wish to give any further clarification ?
although a great deal of progress has been made , there remains much to be done in terms of enhancing the monitoring instruments and developing a genuine ‘ common language ’ .
in writing . - ( de ) i am voting in favour of the report on the establishment of a framework for the activities of interest representatives in the european institutions .
a clear condemnation of the cruel aggression of israel against the palestinian people , which nothing can justify !
thank you for your friendly show of agreement .
therefore those elements in your amendments do not seem reasonable to me , and i was anxious to say so .
i should like to thank the two rapporteurs , mr grosch and mrs ţicău , once more for the constructive exchange of views .
like all workers , they are struggling against monopoly interests and the exploitative system .
our positive vote is solely inspired by this aspect of the document .
proposal for a resolution ( b5-0136 / 2000 ) by mr queiro , mrs muscardini and mr berthu , on behalf of the uen group , on the commission ' s strategic objectives for 2000-2005
i have received one motion for a resolution to wind up the debate , tabled pursuant to rule 103 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure ( 1 ) .
however , as i have stated before in this house , i am opposed to the charter being binding. i and my government see it as a political declaration .
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports on behalf of the committee on regional policy , transport and tourism :
– the debate is closed .
thank you. we will bear this in mind in future and pay attention to such matters. this is something which is very important .
subject : lisbon treaty and the czech presidency
- before the vote on amendment 7 :
( the speaker agrees to take a question in accordance with rule 149 ( 8 ) of the rules of procedure . )
i have received one motion for a resolution tabled in accordance with rule 103 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure . ( 1 )
forwarding of texts adopted during the sitting : see minutes
the three amendments which i have tabled are consistent with the points i have just raised and they are also consistent with the traditional approach of this parliament .
we received a letter by madame fontaine to mr prodi yesterday asking the commission to focus its statement on certain questions. i will try to cover most of them .
mrs pack 's excellent report has the merit of making a remarkable summary of a subject covering many , many areas .
mr president , answering that kind of question in 30 seconds is clearly an almost impossible task .
( pl ) madam president , commissioner , mr stockmann deserves our gratitude. this is indeed a good compromise. i congratulate him .
speaking for our group , i would be happy to persevere with the separate voting , as originally planned. thank you .
b5-0151 / 2000 by mr cunha and others , on behalf of the group of the european people ' s party ( christian democrats ) and european democrats , on freedom of expression in angola ;
has the commission considered the possibility of imposing sanctions on equatorial guinea by suspending all forms of aid to obiang 's dictatorial regime ?
what does the commission plan to do to foster sustainable urban transport , especially to support and popularise urban and suburban public transport and cycling ?
the next item is the commission statement on developments in slovakia regarding police forces .
( the sitting was suspended at 5 p.m. and resumed at 5.30 p.m. )
the next item is the debate on the european convention : presentation of the draft treaty establishing a constitution for europe .
the existence of a group with special difficulties in rejoining the labour market , comprising young people , older workers , women , ethnic minorities and persons with disabilities ,
these considerations all seem to me to be essential .
the next item is the debate on transport policy for 2010 .
the higher the committee , the less i am certain .
i declare the session of the european parliament adjourned .
the next item is the commission statement on nuclear safety fifteen years after the chernobyl accident and its health consequences .
mr fabre-aubrespy first wishes to raise a point of order .
4. mobilisation of the european globalisation adjustment fund : spain / galicia textiles (
the next item is question time to the council ( b5-0163 / 2001 ) .
the other guaranteeing that the european council will give its political agreement on the composition of the european parliament , based on the proposal from parliament itself .
for these reasons , the committee on transport and tourism unanimously approved this report and its corresponding motion for a resolution .
mr wohlfart , you may now reply to mrs izquierdo rojo 's long question .
what action will the council take to do something about this tragic situation ?
if you think it ought to be changed , you should approach the conference of presidents , but now is neither the time nor the place to make such alterations .
i am grateful that this was included and i was therefore able to vote in favour of the report as a whole .
first , respecting the targets. without this , we will not look serious to investors , to our negotiating partners and , most importantly , to our own citizens .
. this directive is an important legislative text on the environment .
i believe that the european parliament has made a great effort to achieve consensus with a view to reaching agreements on these three issues .
your words will be recorded carefully in the minutes .
question no 3 by josu ortuondo larrea ( h-0268 / 02 ) :
the vote will take place tomorrow at noon .
does the council agree that research in this area is likely to provide both health and economic benefits and therefore make a major contribution to the lisbon strategy ?
strict organisation of projects , effective use of resources and clarity about their duration ;
what action will it take in the specific case of josé antonio bula in order to secure his release ? question no 61 by jörn svensson ( h-0998 / 97 )
we have made a generous start , and i now call upon minsk to meet us halfway by improving its human rights and democracy record .
mr president , the committee is in favour of the urgent procedure and already reported yesterday that the subject could be debated in the plenary session .
subject : cutting back on greenhouse gas emissions
34 . 2006 discharge : european agency for the management of operational cooperation at the external borders of the member states of the european union (
25. common rules for the internal market in electricity (
will the commission soon be submitting a proposal for a legal framework which will make cross-border cooperation possible between state , regional and local governments within the eu ?
i think that this is a constructive report , and i really do hope that the commission will listen to what parliament has to say .
to conclude , we must not play politics with passenger safety .
to wind up the debate i have received six motions for resolutions , in accordance with article 37 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure . ( 1 )
that is my answer to mr ó neachtain .
thank you very much for your debate. i really believe we will come back for the debate and agree on the content of a european energy policy .
mr president , i welcome the decision to incorporate children 's rights as one of the objectives of the eu treaty of lisbon , providing a new legal basis for children 's rights .
question no 47 by james nicholson ( h-0574 / 96 )
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
mr president , the wolf report takes up and points out major deficiencies with regard to measures and dealing with the european union 's gigantic problem : unemployment .
having said that , we believe it is absolutely vital to draw up a rigorous procedure that will allow geneticallyengineered products to be kept under strict scrutiny .
finally , neither must we forget that somehow we must promote the pre-accession strategy with turkey .
12. draft amending budget no 9 / 2008 (
question no 32 by wolfgang kreissl-dörfler , which has been taken over by mr schnellhardt ( h-0170 / 97 )
mr president , there are three important documents we have to discuss today concerning one of the greatest challenges by far that we face , that is to say climate change .
over the past few months , the european union has repeatedly called on the sudanese government to cooperate unconditionally with the icc .
approval of minutes of previous sitting : see minutes
in the justice and home affairs sector , mr blak ' s report quite rightly focuses on three issues , as we ourselves have done in our opinion .
pursuant to rule 37 of the rules of procedure , i have received five motions for resolutions .
( explanation of vote abbreviated in accordance with article 137 ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure )
- on paragraph 4 part 2
i have received six motions for resolutions to wind up the debate
for these reasons we cannot vote in favour of the sisó cruellas report .
the minutes of monday 's sitting have been distributed. are there any comments ?
the next item is question time ( b6-0491 / 2008 ) .
we now come to the vote on topical and urgent subjects of major importance .
much as i appreciate the rapporteur 's work , i , with my colleagues in the british section of the epp group , will be voting against the report .
i am truly appalled and saddened , for we are all , myself included , responsible for what is happening in the middle east and for the continuing deaths in the region .
for this reason i urge my fellow members to support these reports and the member states - and the commission as well - to duly follow them up .
can we stand aside whilst innocent civilians are massacred ? can we remain impassive to the ' somalisation ' of libya , whilst the united nations security council reaches another slow motion decision ?
the next item is the council and commission statements on chechnya .
yes , madam president , it is an excellent proposal , and i would ask my colleagues to vote in great numbers for amendment 11 .
( the sitting was closed at 7.00 p.m. )
spare us from having to ask for your help , by allowing us to trade. let us work together to overcome our territorial disputes .
the use of information technology for facilitating payments , records and so on and the use of e-health information technology have been mentioned .
firstly , i would like to express my thanks to members for their interest in this proposal and especially to mrs ries , the rapporteur , for her constructive work .
. we welcome the content of this report , which seeks to promote gender equality in development cooperation and we consequently voted in favour of it .
only through a close integration of energy security and innovation can we avoid the approaching energy crisis that would also affect europe .
( b5-0578 / 2000 ) by mr nogueira román and mr lipietz , on behalf of the group of the greens / european free alliance , on the situation in paraguay and the lino oviedo case ;
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12.00 noon .
that brings a note of realism to the optimism expressed just now. but thank you for that remark. we will take account of it .
on the main amendments tabled for the vote tomorrow , the commission 's position is as follows .
to this end , each new variety proposed will have to be analysed in the context of an individualised approval. there will be no generic approvals .
the abolition of the employer ' s right to retain particularly sensitive information and the obligation for member states to promote social dialogue within smes .
- before the vote on paragraph 9
the re-evaluation of the n + 2 and n + 3 rules which , to date , have meant a loss of around eur 106 million for portugal within the previous financial framework ;
( es ) madam president , commissioner , thank you ; it has been a pleasure to take part in this most engaging process. may i also thank the rapporteurs .
b5-0283 / 2000 by mr elles and others on behalf of the group of the european people ' s party ( christian democrats ) and european democrats ;
the vis is proposed as a system for the exchange of visa data between member states .
the next item is the debate on
i also agree that the eu should be actively helping china with reconstruction efforts. i voted in support of the resolution .
are there speakers for and against the motion ?
if the british presidency does not secure a deal on the future budget perspectives , it will not be regarded as a success .
speak out on these issues if you have the courage , providing , of course , that you do not find you have a conflict of interests in those areas .
an annual commission report on the european union ' s cultural policy
as they deal with the same subject , questions nos 10 , 11 and 12 will be taken together .
i believe that the member states should end the use of off-balance sheet debt structures of any kind ;
thank you very much , mr van orden , we take good note of your comments .
that is the situation. of course , we need to have dialogue with the greek authorities , but they know our position on this matter .
we hope that the unanimity of our vote has made his life and his work much more agreeable and i just wanted to emphasis this a second time .
.our parliament is thus preparing to vote in favour of the legislative resolution relating to the conclusion of the additional protocol to the eec-turkey association agreement .
to conclude , mr president , i should like once again to thank the european parliament for its commitment and its constructive approach which was decisive in this matter .
the vote will take place on wednesday at 12.00 p.m.
that is all i wanted to say to you. i am convinced that it will certainly be necessary to talk about this system of environmental liability again .
address by his holiness the xivth dalai-lama
you are quite right to be insistent about the safety of these buses. if you do not mind , we will ask the london authorities about this problem .
on globalisation , we intend to commit ourselves to concluding the doha development round agenda within the next 12 months at the eu-us summit .
the next item is the continuation of the votes from noon .
last but not least , i would like to mention that ecvet places the emphasis on learning outcomes and not on the time spent acquiring knowledge , skills and expertise .
in writing . - ( fr ) i voted for the report .
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on friday , 17 september .
we have a lot of work ahead of us , and i know i can count on parliament. i hope i can also count on the member states .
mr president , i would also like to respond to mr della vedova that , according to the ecb proposals , poland would still be ahead of luxembourg .
in other words , i feel that , with reasonable deadlines and a precise timetable , we will succeed in halving poverty by 2015 .
. the report has many strong points with respect to mental health issues concerning women and children .
. i voted in favour of the nominated commission , as i should like to have done when the first team led by mr durão barroso was put forward .
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , the report mr blak has presented on discharge for the european development funds clearly shows the particular problems faced by european development policy .
2010 progress report on the former yugoslav republic of macedonia
at this point , i should like to thank mrs mann for her explicit support for the commission ’ s communication and the study on eu-us relations which we commissioned .
on behalf of the pse group . - ( nl ) madam president , my group supports the commission in this dispute with the polish government .
i can assure mr alavanos that the commission has looked at this whole issue in the broadest possible sense and has not confined itself to the matter of psychologists .
5. statute of the european ombudsman (
the resolution contained in mrs langenhagen ' s excellent report is testimony to this and i thank her for her work .
( the sitting was suspended at 11.00 for the counting of votes and resumed at 11.45 )
the association agreements are envisaged as comprehensive agreements , embracing the whole array of the multifaceted relations of the eu with both regions : political dialogue , cooperation and trade .
( the president cut off the speaker )
. – it was a mistake to mix racism and homophobia in the same text .
european code of conduct on arms exports ( debate )
that concludes the explanations of vote .
we shall now proceed to the vote .
i invited members to comment on the minutes , not to conduct a debate .
clearly , after a final decision , the commission will make documents available , subject to any remaining confidentiality constraints .
mr commissioner , you must excuse me but by mistake we have not given the floor to mr lukas. i therefore immediately give him the floor for one minute .
resolution on political developments in russia
i applaud mr cappato 's initiative. i will vote for nearly everything contained in his proposal .
finally , i should like to thank the members of the committee on regional policy , transport and tourism for their highly constructive comments and unanimous support for my draft report .
that brings me to the second point i wished to make about a european voice , about a european presence , to quote mr poettering , about european unity .
– the agreement reached in the trialogue on the financial perspective is bad news because it is eur 108 billion down from parliament ’ s original proposal .
i feel that the adoption of this report is a step in the right direction in protecting the interests of fishing communities , not least in portugal and the azores .
the next item is the vote .
we shall now proceed to the vote .
i believe that the citizens expect this of us and that the treaty of amsterdam allows us to shorten and speed up these processes .
subject : house of lords , 50th report , ' financial management and fraud in the european union : perceptions , facts and proposals ' ( published on 13 november 2006 )
thank you very much , mr commissioner monti .
9. mobilisation of the european globalisation adjustment fund : lear from spain (
communications , education , access to modern methods , application of sound medical advice and bridging gaps in the issue of public health at member state level are vital .
there are still many unresolved questions over turkey 's progress in the eu accession negotiations .
. i was delighted to cast my vote in favour of the excellent report by mr poos .
of course i would like to reply , but perhaps it would be better if i did so in my response at the end of this debate .
are we to infer from this that boosting trade and agricultural deregulation are the essential pillars of development policy ?
to that question i now add another : what are the european union ’ s connections to the global security fund and what relationship does it have with european union institutions ?
my group supports the report ; we take a slightly different view on the last point .
two , not only state aid but also differences in the regulations and their application in the field of the environment , safety and employment can lead to distortions of competition .
however , that is not meant to be a criticism of her .
that being said , i shall abstain on this issue so as not to block this text , which is urgent .
– before continuing with the voting , i have a statement to make to parliament .
as alternative rapporteur , i will focus on the third proposal , by the rapporteur mr mastorakis , on the creation of the european maritime safety agency .
if i am wrong , prove me wrong : hold the referendums that you once promised. pactio olisipiensis censenda est !
the commission fully supports this compromise and i am certain that equally extensive support will be expressed during the vote on thursday .
i hope the commission will soon find the political environment suitable for it to bring back proposals for reforming our trade defence instruments .
member of the commission . - madam president , i wish to thank members of for a very interesting discussion , and will take this opportunity to answer some of their questions .
mr president , on a point of order , this chamber may be sovereign , as you say , but it nonetheless must follow its own rules of procedure .
mr president , i congratulate the rapporteurs and i welcome the commission 's second progress report .
my first concern is about the potential for cutting emissions. this text makes no reference to the technical links that exist between the activities of different operators .
in this context , policies should be developed , encouraging member states to keep the number of victims of transport accidents to levels not higher than the average for the eu .
this would not involve tax exemption measures but rather support for filtration and purification equipment .
the proposal for a directive on the internal gas market forms part of the ' third energy package ' , which completes the privatisation of natural gas supply services .
there are obviously still many issues to be tackled and i hope that the commission , through its monopoly on initiative in this area , will shoulder its responsibilities .
the next item is questions to the commission ( b5-0002 / 2002 ) .
question no 39 by marie-arlette carlotti ( h-0907 / 98 )
( the president cut the speaker off )
the debate is suspended here to leave time for the vote .
sittings in brussels on 3 and 4 may : no amendments . ( the order of business was adopted thus amended )
lastly , i would like to stress that the presidency has no intention of drafting any written conclusions for the meeting of the heads of state and government .
thank you , mr barroso. once again , i would like to thank the spanish presidency and mr zapatero. that completes this item .
when will the council implement the agreement to open up direct trade with the north of cyprus ?
the next item is the vote .
the hautala report puts forward interesting proposals regarding the serious health problems faced by women , and i congratulate the rapporteur on her work .
i believe he has the support of the european parliament , but he must also have that of the commission , and not just in word , but also in deed .
eu-acp relations for the 21st century
b5-0068 / 2002 by mr corrie , mr gemelli and mrs maij-weggen on behalf of the group of the european people ' s party and european democrats ,
recovery plan for bluefin tuna in the eastern atlantic and the mediterranean ( debate )
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
( explanation of vote abbreviated in accordance with rule 37 ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure
certainly , mrs maij-weggen , we will see to that .
i close with the idea that he himself expressed : europe must be a civilian actor and power with military means , and not a military power .
i shall stop there , for i have no more speaking time left .
thank you , mrs mccarthy. i have taken due note of this .
eu relations with the gulf cooperation council ( short presentation )
how is it possible , in this day and age , that we have to demand a right as self-evident as this ?
author . - mr president , i would like to focus the house 's attention on the recent announcement by the commission to apply whole-body imaging technology to europe 's airports by 2010 .
the vote will take place at the end of the debates on cases of breaches of human rights .
implementing measures ( rule 88 ) : see minutes
energy efficiency in buildings is a particular concern relevant to countries which have inherited a large number of buildings constructed according to the poor-quality standards of the communist era .
croatia : progress report 2008 - turkey : progress report 2008 - former yugoslav republic of macedonia : progress report 2008 ( debate )
question no 10 by michl ebner ( h-0630 / 98 )
the next item is question time to the council ( b4-0001 / 97 ) .
no one presidency can achieve all of that , but if we can achieve what we set out here , i think it will be significant .
the next item is the joint debate on the following 6 reports , on behalf of the committee on budgetary control , on the following discharges :
mr president , i should like to thank the commission and , again , the rapporteur for the excellent and often very difficult task that she has undertaken .
consequently , the regulation stipulates that as soon as the decision on maintenance obligations is announced in member states , this will have the same binding effect in all member states .
indeed , as mrs günther has said , i call upon the council to come to conciliation in order to negotiate with parliament on these matters .
commissioner , when will the european union ban exports of products from laogai camps ?
. ( fr ) the charter of fundamental rights of the european union adopted today by the european parliament is a highly significant document .
ladies and gentlemen , the european neighbourhood policy , to which from now on i will refer simply as enp , is an essential policy for the eu .
the vote will take place on thursday .
taking this into account , i support mr hatzidakis ’ motion to vote in favour of the proposed regulation .
all our best wishes go to the professor who i am sure will do this job outstandingly well .
– as usual , the european parliament has debated the future of an industrial sector without considering the workers who keep it going , if only in a secondary role .
the next item is the report ( a6-0016 / 2005 ) by mr grosch , on behalf of the committee on transport and tourism , on driving licences .
under the circumstances i shall vote in favour .
the following questions are addressed to the commission .
we must ensure that their voices , as well as our own , are properly heard .
mr president , i am grateful for your help but probably not as grateful as the interpreters are .
it is on these grounds , therefore , that we believe the most sensible procedure would be a global reconsideration of this proposal .
mrs gebhardt , you say we usually hear this at the beginning , but that time has already passed .
( protests and applause ) with all due respect and in a spirit of fellowship , that the house later adopted important resolutions on the situation in kosovo .
the time is surely coming to call a halt , and seriously question our relations with turkey , especially the institutionalized and contractual character of those relations .
mr president , in this debate , i particularly wish to focus on mrs kestelijn-sierens 's excellent report , and my colleague , mrs peijs , will speak on mrs kokkola 's report .
b5-0440 / 2000 by belder and van dam , on behalf of the edd group ;
( the house rose and observed a minute ' s silence )
as you know , whenever i speak about financial matters i switch to english ! i have been doing that for the last month , so i shall now continue in english .
deputising for the author . - i am beginning to feel more and more like a super-substitute. i hope that normal service will resume once the presidential race is over .
article 2 of regulation 22 / 99 bans the disclosure to third parties which are not party to a transaction of personal information on a passenger without the passenger 's consent .
yes , you are correct mr jarzembowski : amendment 12 falls .
the next item is question time ( b6-0330 / 2005 ) .
mr president , mrs haug ' s report on the european union ' s system of own resources seems rather contradictory to us , and that is why we are opposed to it .
in europe we are able to live in safety also because we have a committed police force , who are to be thanked at this point .
the commission is at present implementing , or preparing legal grounds for implementing , the different actions set out in the white paper on reforming the commission .
the legitimate fight for respect for human rights must not be confused with unhealthy fantasies to the detriment of the common good .
commissioner , you have a major job to do if we do not want the next crisis to catch us with our pants down .
let me conclude by paying tribute to the two rapporteurs for producing these reports and contributing to this debate .
( the sitting was suspended at 7 p.m. and resumed at 9 p.m. )
( the order of business was adopted )
the pse group would like a separate vote on amendment 127 .
mrs fontaine : 306 votesmr soares : 200 votesmrs hautala : 49 votes
commissioner , you have seen that many members have spoken on the subject of fisheries. the structural side of the fisheries sector is greatly affected ...
question no 32 by frode kristoffersen ( h-0910 / 98 )
the second part of the question is as follows : how does the commission intend to organise the dialogue in connection with such a migration ?
mr de miguel has the floor on behalf of the council .
- after the vote on amendment 37 :
i hope that our warning will be heeded .
the report by the european council and the statement by the commission on the european council meeting of 7 to 10 december 2000 in nice ;
the vote will take place on thursday 12 july 2007 .
• a 5-step waste management hierarchy : prevention , reuse , recycling , energy recovery and waste disposal ( including storage ) ;
it is the time of action now. it is not the time for words any more .
consequently , these rights are of a constituent and not a declarative nature. in other words they are acquired regardless of any permission granted by the member states .
i therefore support the adoption of this report .
mr president , i too should like to compliment mr radwan on the extremely able way in which he has steered this complex directive to this advanced stage .
the next item is questions to the council ( b5-0338 / 2001 ) .
before the vote on amendment 5 :
( parliament approved the commission proposal as amended )
. mr president , i should like to thank the commissioner and also congratulate mr wieland on his excellent report .
this meeting provides a timely opportunity to review progress on croatia 's accession process and present the hungarian presidency 's plans for this first semester of the year .
finally , i wish everybody a merry christmas and a happy new year .
could the rapporteur , mr albertini , give us his opinion ?
yes , we call for controls that are fairly and generally applied .
i am confident that commissioner barnier and the president of the european commission will duly consider parliament ' s position on the matter , in accordance with the code of conduct .
i therefore feel that this provision runs counter to the objectives of the european private company statute : to produce better legislation and to make european entrepreneurs ' lives easier .
i repeat that we must recycle our teachers. only by means of a strategic european resources plan can we do so .
the pelttari report was an attempt , in the present situation , to curb and gain tighter control over developments and i therefore voted for it .
– ( ) . – i would like to start by congratulating mr barroso for his nomination .
a very large majority of the european parliament , as well as the european council , have just adopted some ineffectual legislation and will impose gmos upon europeans against their will .
i shall take the two supplementaries and we will see where we get then .
as the authors are not present , questions nos 46 and 47 lapse .
in the interests of subsidiarity , we have voted against this report in its entirety .
what are the results of the initial consultations undertaken by the portuguese presidency with a view to seeking agreement on the draft temporary agency workers directive ?
. i shall begin with a couple of points of history and then speak of the future .
the minutes of yesterday ' s sitting have been distributed .
we have therefore requested a separate vote and a roll-call vote on the two paragraphs relating to this issue and we shall vote against these paragraphs .
mr president , in the words of mao zedong , as long as one is falling , one has still not reached the bottom .
indisputably , no provision of the treaty allows such a service to be set up. so this part of the paragraph is not admissible .
the next item is the order of business .
subject : eu imports of brazilian beef
the delegation , headed by its acting president , mr washington abdala , is composed of twelve members of the upper and lower houses of uruguay , paraguay and brazil .
at the same time , it approved , among other dangerous measures :
what a criminal waste of brave young lives !
there is no danger of us not noticing your presence , mr posselt .
mrs zana , it is a great honour to have you in our parliament .
1. the extra costs incurred for extra rights will translate into permanently higher ticket costs across the board for all passengers ;
mr hallam , you have the floor for a point of order .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
thank you very much , mr commissioner. i have received five motions for resolutions , tabled pursuant to rule 40 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure .
the next item is the report ( a5-0341 / 2003 ) by mrs stihler , on behalf of the committee on fisheries , on measures for the recovery of cod stocks
finally , may i pay due thanks to the enormous and supportive work which i have been given not only by the secretariats , but by the tabling services .
in any event , the commission is willing and able to see what measures can be taken with the means available to help resolve the transdnistrian conflict .
" mr knörr borràs , i have noted your intervention whose rightful place is in the context of the debate we have organised on this matter . "
let us not underestimate or jeopardize our achievements !
we can hope and dream ... but the information we have so far on the progress of the current negotiations does not inspire much optimism .
seven motions for resolutions have been tabled pursuant to rule 37 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
action taken on parliament 's resolutions : see minutes
second , article 100a is being added as a further legal principle to the european community 's accession to the amended agreement .
allow me first of all to congratulate the rapporteur , mrs prets , and the committee on culture and education , on their work .
i very much look forward to making serious and sustained progress with you over the time i am responsible for this sector .
( the session was adjourned for five minutes while awaiting the beginning of ' question time ' )
oh , european union let your mission spread everywhere like the air we breathe .
these are some of the political considerations i wished to express before this assembly , on behalf of my group .
. ( fr ) i voted in favour of this directive and welcome this proposal .
gas supplies by russia to ukraine and the eu ( debate )
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on friday , 15 january 1999 .
( mr president , it is unacceptable that in the face of commonplace abuses of human rights the world lacks an organisation through which to condemn these events .
in writing . - having campaigned against these scamming organisations for years , i am delighted to support this report .
( the president cut the speaker off )
( the sitting was suspended at 7.00 p.m. and resumed at 9.00 p.m. )
subject : policing at international football matches
thank you very much to all my fellow members for their support , and also for their speeches , including the dissenting ones .
our thanks again to mr verheugen for attending .
the following questions are addressed to the commission .
application of the schengen acquis - application of the schengen acquis in the czech republic , estonia , latvia , lithuania , hungary , malta , poland , slovenia and slovakia ( continuation of debate )
i would just like to welcome again the commission 's proposals and thank mr crowley for his report .
in respect of the nordmann report :
question no 14 by bernd posselt ( h-0408 / 02 ) :
the eplp opinion is that this harmonisation of tax base could possibly lead to higher rates , with harmonisation at a later stage which is not desired .
the kremlin has agreed to initial discussion of the issue in moscow on 16 november , but that is still two months away .
1. budget guidelines : 2011 - other sections (
in the light of this cooperation council , the member states will take their decision on the possible prolongation or extension of the sanctions .
with this , we believe that we are totally in line with what we agreed .
question no 12 by robin teverson ( h-0203 / 98 )
mr president , the issue of the challenges facing the european union in the contemporary world of global competition arises in nearly all the debates held in this parliament .
( the president cut off the speaker )
i hope the members who were still on their way here will be able to attend .
all questions which there is no time to answer , in accordance with the rules of procedure , will be replied to in writing .
thank you very much , mr poignant , particularly for your personal comments .
i would ask the commissioner , when he brings forward these proposals , as he suggests , next year , to please bear this in mind. member states like ireland have already given ...
( b5-0140 / 2002 ) by mrs schroedter and others , on behalf of the group of the greens / european free alliance , on the situation in moldova ;
there are currently around 2 300 such contract agents working for the commission around the world , mainly in delegations , representations and administrative offices .
question no 49 by jonas sjöstedt ( h-0624 / 96 )
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
we shall suspend the debate on the report by mrs bennasar tous at this point , since it is time for the topical and urgent debate .
i wish again to thank the rapporteur .
madam president , i , too , am pleased , just like our commissioner , at the quality of our debate , which has demonstrated the genuine responsibility of our institutions in general .
[ com ( 2001 ) 119 + sec ( 2001 ) 382 - c5-0193 / 2001 - 2001 / 2089 ( cos ) ]
as we stated , this was the last question , in accordance with the rules of procedure .
we would therefore call upon the commission , together with the member states , to take the necessary measures to guarantee fully the rights of these women .
8. engines placed on the market under the flexibility scheme (
thank you , that has been noted .
i hope that these talks will have an effect and that we will be able to unblock the projects very soon .
specifically however , we have voted against amendments nos 8 onwards .
commissioner monti at one time proposed that the member states reduce vat on labour-intensive activities to encourage job-creation .
i offer you my sincere thanks , commissioner , and i will be keeping my fingers crossed for you to succeed in this .
that concludes the explanations of vote .
i thank you very much for your support and for your three very important reports .
therefore , i emphasize the importance of including the issues regarding the importance of education in reducing gender inequality in the report .
organic production and labelling of organic products ( debate )
relating to thursday : president. i have received several requests for amendments to the agenda relating to topical and urgent subjects of major importance .
madam president , cassandra had a gift : that of telling the future. she also bore a curse : that of not being listened to. for this reason , troy fell .
( explanation of vote cut short pursuant to rule 137 ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure )
furthermore , the union should be particularly pleased with the approval of the derogation with regard to the partnership agreement between the european community and the acp countries .
( fr ) madam president , commissioner , thank you , once again , for your attention .
( cs ) i would like to ask the commission the following question : to what extent is it binding ... ( the president cut off the speaker ) .
the involvement of civil society and the private sector , including large corporations , which figures prominently in mr deva 's report , is also essential .
it was in this spirit that i voted in favour .
our rapporteur has given us an extremely good basis. the eldr group will stick to her original ' no-amendment ' line .
( the president cut off the speaker )
subject : development aid for congolese agriculture
one could say that , certainly , madam president , but i would not want to tie the idea down to too technological a definition .
that concludes question time to the council .
for this reason , we ask the commission , the council and the member states to find the adequate instruments to increase investments in the field of school infrastructure and equipment .
thank you very much , mr fassino .
i have received a motion for a resolution pursuant to rule 42 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure .
finally i would ask this particular question : is it because the vast majority of cabin crew are women that licensing was not introduced a long time ago ?
the next item on the agenda is the statements by the council and commission on the situation in the middle east .
( fr ) i apologise for bringing up the past , francis ; i did not mean to do so .
two political parties were unable to put up candidates for the local elections. that is unacceptable , because it curtails the fundamental right of all citizens to political participation .
. mr president , i am sure all members , as well as the president , will be aware of the significance of this debate .
i think we have had an exceptional situation today , but at the same time , ladies and gentlemen , i make that undertaking .
( ro ) mr president , i would like to congratulate the rapporteur , mrs podimata .
( the president cut the speaker off )
( interventions from the floor by rebecca harms and guy verhofstadt saying that the council should make a proposal )
the vote will take place on wednesday at 11.30 a.m.
interim trade agreement with turkmenistan - interim agreement with turkmenistan ( debate )
the three key issues covered in mr bowe ' s report are : environmental liability , antibiotics and gene transfer .
subject : tunnel through the halland ridge in sweden
this amendment was rejected by the house ( by 189 votes to 179 ) and the ppe members all voted against , something we must emphasize .
ladies and gentlemen , we hope that you have a pleasant and productive visit .
we also should not forget the european union 's integration capacity or the need to communicate with citizens on the subject of enlargement and its advantages and consequences .
call for economic and social policies to be redrafted so that they are focused on meeting social needs and not on company profits ;
i think that things have now been made quite clear .
11. coordination of social security systems (
thirdly , it is not a mixed agreement. it does not presuppose the consent of the member states and therefore does not require ratification by the national parliaments .
having said this , dear colleagues , i remind you that if you want to have a say on the agenda , be here on mondays .
mr färm , in relation to section iii , and
i could return the flattery and say that up until now i thought we were doing quite well , but it is beginning to get a little repetitive .
this initiative must be supported. it will lead to improvements in the quality of information and in the effectiveness of fisheries resources management .
. – mr president , although i partly welcome what the commissioner has said in this chamber , i believe the various issues need to be examined more carefully .
the minutes of yesterday 's sitting have been distributed .
mr president , i should like to tell mr falconer that in the minutes it says that those who intended to vote against amendment no 3 included mr falconer .
nor is it acceptable for eur 2 million to be allocated to ineligible material in the sector of ....
the vote will take place on thursday at 12 noon .
in writing . - ( ro ) today , all of europe is dealing with a series of essential and dramatic changes for the citizens of all ages .
19. penalties for serious infringements against the social rules in road transport (
i now put to the vote the request for withdrawal of the report by mr rehder .
madam president , i wish to thank mr dimitrakopoulos for his work on this report and for the scheme he has brought forward .
i endorse the commission ’ s proposal and the main thrust of the matsakis report .
finally , proof of origin of electricity generated from renewables will guarantee transparency for the public .
composition of committees and delegations : see minutes
joint motion for a resolution on the crisis in venice
if pesticides are used at any stage at all in the production process , the final product should be labelled to that effect .
it has become very clear from what we have heard that countries such as sri lanka and the philippines have absolutely no desire to be helped in this way .
question no 14 by alex smith ( h-0566 / 96 )
report ( a5-0376 / 2000 ) by ms morgan , on behalf of the committee on budgetary control , on reform of budgetary control procedures and institutions [ 2000 / 2008 ( ini ) ]
mr wynn , chairman of the committee on budgets , will open the debate .
mr karas and commissioner bolkestein are to be congratulated for this achievement. tomorrow we must ensure a resounding vote of support for this directive .
i wish to join mrs harkin in congratulating the spanish presidency on putting violence against women at the top of its political agenda .
5. mobilisation of globalisation adjustment fund : application egf / 2010 / 027 nl / north brabant division 18 / netherlands (
( the president cut the speaker off )
b5-0589 / 2001 by mr miranda and others , on behalf of the gue / ngl group , on the attack on a train in angola ;
( the president asked the speaker to conclude )
section vi - economic and social committee ,
6. international carriage of passengers by coach and bus ( recast ) (
as far as minimum prices are concerned , the commission believes that such provision is unjustified since prices are currently stable .
( explanation of vote abbreviated in accordance with rule 163 ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure )
the consumers constitute the second group .
in law , this press release is an intrusion into the domestic affairs of france and , on the whole , the substance of the press release glosses over the genuine problems .
the process of reaching agreement showed a remarkable degree of consensus between member states and european institutions on the way forward .
eighthly , we regret certain commission decisions with which we do not agree , such as the lifting of sanctions on sudan , given the serious events in darfur .
mr fischler will reply on behalf of mrs wallström .
- firstly , 50 % financing of emergency measures linked directly to sanitary and veterinary measures ;
the fact that export crops have been supported in the developing countries at the expense of food crops and food self-sufficiency , and
madam president , the dayton agreement was established by military might , by imposing military intervention and interference .
there have been more than ten speeches that have openly criticised not just europe - which could be legitimate - but the democratic result of the referendum in ireland .
madam president , on behalf of the commission i should first like to thank the house for the invitation to make a statement on this matter .
( bg ) president , colleagues , at the beginning of july filip dimitrov , our first democratically elected prime minister of bulgaria , retired from politics .
this attitude is reflected in the recent commission communication on active inclusion. this communication defines three key elements of a balanced and strategic approach to active inclusion :
specific measures are also needed to promote consumer habits which are compatible with sustainable development .
as rapporteur , i supported that proposal. it is a sensible one , because farmers and starch manufacturers should not have swift and immediate changes imposed on them at short notice .
mr president , the fact that this is the third time in recent months that we have discussed this issue demonstrates the enhanced sensitivity of the european parliament .
those are the reasons for my request .
madam president , i will focus on just one point : is a european regulation for telecommunications needed ?
it has also been possible to accept most of the amendments , which were likewise submitted in a spirit of agreement , and i feel the outcome has been satisfactory .
the best aspects must be taken from both proposals , with budget growth being taken primarily from parliament 's proposal .
( it ) mr president , ladies and gentlemen , public opinion is divided on the goldstone report .
i have received six motions for resolutions tabled in accordance with rule 103 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
– the debate is closed .
( the sitting was suspended at 7.30 p.m. and resumed at 9 p.m. )
thank you for that interesting and highly detailed statement , mr van den broek .
. mr president , successful corporate governance is bound up with a reduction in security in cross-border investments and an increase in the mobility of capital .
i would like to apologise to you all , and particularly mrs ferrero-waldner , because we are beginning question time seven minutes later than planned .
madam president , i would simply like to stress the value of the attitude that the leader of our group , francis wurtz , reminded us of just now .
president-in-office of the council . - ( pt ) mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , thank you very much for your contributions .
as regards epso , that is amendment 255 : it is replaced by an amendment to reduce the amounts in reserve to 25 % of the appropriations on the relevant budget lines .
given the mortal danger posed to the world by the greenhouse effect , proposals that seek to improve measures taken to reduce the scale of the threat cannot be neglected .
i inform you that i have received two motions for resolutions in accordance with rule 37 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
in future , we will be able to reflect on ways of relaxing this rule while taking the situation of airports into account .
– mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i believe it is the duty of the presidency of parliament to uphold the honour of its members .
if international trade as a whole were properly looking after the consumers ' interests , it could have long since significantly reduced the selling price of imported footwear .
mr president of the commission , this is our message : use your power of initiative to help the council to adopt an ambitious programme for a social europe .
request for the defence of parliamentary immunity : see minutes
in writing . - ( it ) madam president , ladies and gentlemen , i am in favour of the frassoni report concerning the new comitology procedures .
i wish to congratulate the president-in-office on his firmness in the face of what , frankly , has been a very unscrupulous and dishonest lobbying of this parliament .
( the president cut off the speaker . )
in the face of such blindness , irresponsibility and inadequacy i intend to vote against the report .
madam president , i am amazed at mr corbett ' s reaction. he should find other ways of raising his profile than expressing views on such matters here .
extensive use in large urban areas of telematic applications , which combine transport issues with information technology and telecommunications ;
that is why the european parliament must make its voice heard by relaying requests and proposals to the institutions on behalf of the agricultural sector .
we shall now proceed to the vote .
( the sitting was suspended at 12.05 a.m. )
approval of minutes of previous sitting : see minutes
i would like to welcome you in your language : , mrs litvina .
what has the reform of the commission to do with the internal market ? the answer is a lot .
1. draft general budget of the european union - 2010 financial year ( vote )
mr lehne , you have already spoken. this is the way things work in a parliament : the person who speaks last is often right .
in conclusion , the commission cannot accept amendments nos 1 and 2 but will consider the potential problem of cmr substances in products as a matter of urgency .
thank you very much , mr president , ladies and gentlemen .
in addition , at the copenhagen summit , there was agreement on the frameworks for the future agreement between nato and the eu on european security and defence policy .
what is more , to imprison women who resist rape is absurd , and the four young women in question should , of course , be released immediately .
my second example relates to eurobonds. what effect do they have on the european budget ?
question no 46 by marie-paule kestelijn-sierens ( h-0968 / 98 )
i hope that these reports will help us to find the correct method , but quite honestly i am not convinced they will .
the concept of fair and equitable trade falls within this context and forms a necessary positive complement to this action of ours which , in contrast , must be primarily repressive .
b5-0204 / 2001 , by mrs maes and mrs lucas , on behalf of the group of the greens / european free alliance , on the situation in zimbabwe ;
section vii - committee of the regions ,
ogłaszam wznowienie sesji parlamentu europejskiego przerwanej w czwartek 8 lipca 2010 r .
- may i support the efforts of mr papayannakis to endorse proposals for an eu-wide compulsory identification system for cows and the labelling of beef and beef products .
lastly , setting mandatory efficiency targets is a good thing , because without them , it will be difficult to achieve ambitious results within the eu .
i would like to comment on several important problems .
mr falconer , you were here yesterday. several of us were here yesterday .
we shall now proceed to the vote .
( the sitting was closed at 12.13 a.m. )
agenda for next sitting : see minutes
thank you very much mr wuermeling , particularly as this was your maiden speech here in the european parliament .
today fingerprints ; tomorrow forced work ; the day after tomorrow concentration camps - and then not just for roma but for any other alliance .
secondly , it must be possible to implement , for example , the multilateral environment agreement without triggering conflicts with the wto .
i have strayed from the point a little , but to get back to the subject , i would say then that our parliament should ...
debates on cases of breaches of human rights , democracy and the rule of law ( announcement of motions for resolutions tabled ) : see minutes
the quality of local produce is essential and it must be respected .
( parliament adopted the five legislative resolutions consecutively )
in pursuit of more information , therefore , it would be much better if it devoted its energies to pressing for more transparency and openness from the commission .
this regulation could be the best example of the eu 's efforts to gain the trust of its citizens .
texts of agreements forwarded by the council : see minutes
. – mr president , i congratulate the rapporteur , mrs fraga estévez , on her hard work on this legislation .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 9 a.m.
every day , new crimes come to light against non-albanian speakers and against the cultural heritage of kosovo , and there are hundreds of violations of the un ' s resolution 1244 .
the next item is the statements by the council and the commission : conclusions of the european council held on 25-26 march 2010 .
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
i am not sure the labour party can swing that far to the left .
( the speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under rule 149 ( 8 ) )
nobody should be in any doubt that the european parliament will not give up on reform in china and , of course , in tibet .
the vote will take place during the february i part-session in strasbourg .
the energy efficiency objective should not be seen as a precondition for achieving the 20 % renewables target by 2020 , but as a condition in its own right .
after the earthquake , the eu pledged more than eur 320 million in pure humanitarian aid , of which the commission provided eur 130 million for last year , 2010 .
all in all , commissioner , cancun must benefit the developing world , but without being detrimental to the large majority of small and medium-scale european farmers .
ladies and gentlemen , we are making an early start today because we have an important debate .
together with this house , i offer my thanks to mrs reding .
member of the commission . - mr president , i wish to thank this house for putting the issue of european agencies on the agenda .
( ga ) be that as it may , this is a fine report and i am very happy to support it .
it thus contains adverse effects of expectations of rising deficits and debt on risk premia and private consumption and investment .
i would like to begin by congratulating our rapporteur , mr hoppenstedt , on his excellent work .
( parliament adopted the motion for a resolution )
and we believe that we must strive to eradicate this obscure capitalism which mars sport and to promote sport and the advancement of european youth .
the vote will take place at 11.30 a.m. tomorrow .
i wanted to leave you with my thoughts , because you are taking on big responsibilities in many senses .
( the house rose and observed a minute 's silence )
the next item is the commission statement on data protection and consumers ' rights .
i strongly protest against violations of human rights in russia. i call on the russian authorities to stop persecuting human rights activists .
thank you very much , mr nielson .
criticism is good. without it , there would be no improvement. indifference , however , is not helpful. even worse , it undermines what has already been achieved .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
question no 64 by josé apolinário ( h-0173 / 98 )
mr president , given that the implementation of the single currency is nothing but a political fraud , i will not take part in this vote .
amendment no 22 concerns comitology and the july 1987 decision of the council. this issue can only be resolved within the framework of the 1996 intergovernmental conference .
to stimulate the eu 's economic growth , maybe we should start thinking outside the box and accepting the various interests and specificities of our 27 member states .
i believe this is an important point and it is worth correcting it .
today ' s debate is the european parliament ' s contribution to these efforts on the part of the european union as a whole .
we take note of your comment and your suggestion , lord bethell , and we will pass them on to the president .
parliament is spending eur 8 million on the ‘ yes ’ campaign , and this is unacceptable .
the vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.
( the sitting was suspended at 1.32 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
( the president cut off the speaker )
my group will not play toy-town politics with this process. we would not do it in january of this year and we will not do it now .
natural disasters and , by extension , man-made disasters , can and should be prevented .
do you wish to make a statement on this now , mr seppänen ?
40. conservation of fisheries resources through technical measures (
the next item is the statements by the council and the commission on the preparation of the european council in brussels on 13-14 march 2008 .
if the commission has proposals to improve such standards , it should present and support them in icao as well .
commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i firmly believe that the european parliament will not be an obstacle to enhanced cooperation between those member states that wish to cooperate .
( the president cut off the speaker )
referring to the national compromise and the edinburgh agreement , the danish social democrats naturally cannot support those elements of this report which run counter to denmark 's four reservations .
( the sitting was closed at 16.25 )
madam president , i would like to declare an interest : i am a british egg producer .
( ro ) in june 2009 , the european council called on the european commission to draw up and present a strategy for the danube region by the end of 2010 .
in addition , the new presidency of the council has expressly requested time to bring its positions into line with the prospect of an agreement upon a first reading .
the commission chose article 202 as the legal basis for the establishment of the tripartite social summit , since that was the legal basis for the standing committee on employment .
the next item is the statement by the chair of parliament 's delegation to the conciliation committee on the organisation of working time
11. textile names and related labelling of textile products (
in this way , i am sure that their economic and social development will not be restricted and europe will have clearly demonstrated its solidarity with its people .
to this end , the authorities should achieve , or even surpass , the fiscal target for this year and articulate a robust medium-term budgetary strategy .
in my opinion , the good functioning of the single european market also involves product safety and consumer confidence .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i would reiterate our opposition .
on ναμα , the final agreement should guarantee new , real market access opportunities through substantial cuts in applied rates in both developed and dynamically developing countries .
i would urge all the member states and the commission to fight against sending these people back to afghanistan .
as regards the introduction of special labelling of origin , i can assure you that i will be positive in my approach to that .
the vote will take place next .
amendment no 20 proposes an amendment to the budget regulations governing the european community 's general budget , which the commission cannot approve .
17. the social situation of the roma and their improved access to the labour market in the eu (
violence between ethnic groups in mitrovica and albanian prisoners in serbia , notably the plight of mrs flora brovina
i give the floor to the rapporteur , mr pronk .
the next item is the statements by the council and the commission on preparation of the european council to be held on 10 and 11 december 2009 .
- to establish emergency transitional compensation to offset the effects of the increase in the price of fuel .
so , we are giving high priority to assisting the people who are the victims of this very unfortunate conflict .
third , may i remind the council of the european parliament resolution on energy security from september , which proposes the post of an external official for energy security ?
the council 's discussions were completed within a fairly satisfactory time scale. it only took one year ! ! compared with other texts , it is quite an achievement .
decisions concerning certain documents : see minutes
i declare adjourned the session of the european parliament .
i would therefore like , on behalf of the european parliament , to thank the millions of volunteers throughout the world who are working to eradicate this plague .
the ecr fully supports this report and i again thank commissioner damanaki for committing herself to abolishing discards .
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
mon 863 - risk management ( debate )
abduction of mr tsiakourmas in cyprus
we will now continue our debate on the commission 's 2007 enlargement strategy paper .
parliament did not follow this demonstration , even though it was argued and based on several pieces of parliamentary evidence .
i now hand over to mrs bloch von blottnitz , for a procedural motion. i repeat , a procedural motion .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12.00 noon .
who is lying , mr langen , you alone do not decide , but it will be obvious .
indeed , on 28 september 2009 , the military junta led by captain dadis camara carried out the bloody repression of a peaceful demonstration bringing together all of the opposition parties .
b5-0223 / 2001 , by mrs van orden and others , on behalf of the group of the european people ' s party ( christian democrats ) and european democrats , on the situation in zimbabwe ;
it is also said that iceland wants the security of the euro. april fool ! even portugal 's own banks are currently refusing to buy portuguese bonds .
i would like to go further than that , if i may .
recognition of gender inequalities in health is required if we are going to successfully combat disparities and ensure that there is adequate health care for everyone .
- before the vote on paragraph 2 :
europe is facing new challenges , including the increasing competitive pressure from outside , both economic and technological , the ageing population , rising energy prices and the need to guarantee energy security .
we will be taking a number of questions to the commission .
the proposed text and the amendments which have been presented are unlikely to provide a clear result in favour of the consumer without hindering commercial relations .
thanks are due to mr el khadraoui for his conscientious work on the development of the european parliament 's stance on this matter .
madam president , the commission would like to emphasise its belief that there are now renewed hopes that the kashmiri issue can be brought closer to a solution .
energy demand in these countries is growing by something like 5 to 6 % a year , as against only 1 % a year in the oecd countries .
the next item is the order of business .
subject : interim trade agreement with israel
question no 6 by mr tony cunningham ( h-0388 / 97 )
mr nassauer did not exceed his speaking time , nor did mr schulz. i can assure you that i am extremely vigilant on that point .
7. collective management of copyrights online ( vote )
mr president , globalisation reduces economic distances. we must commit ourselves to preventing it from increasing social differences .
( the sitting was suspended at 2.10 p.m. and resumed at 3.05 p.m. )
( parliament rejected the request for urgent procedure )
therefore , this report relates only to the acquisition of a mandate as a result of the fifth direct elections to the european parliament .
parliament has now completed its agenda. the minutes of today 's sitting will be submitted to parliament for its approval at the beginning of the next sitting .
i cannot remember. if you say so , ok .
– graham r. watson , on behalf of the alde / adle group , on the political situation in the maldives ( b6-0058 / 2004 ) ;
political parties are an essential part of the democratic structure of the union and it is therefore appropriate that they receive some support from the community budget .
( the president asked the speaker whether he might not like to continue his speech in french . ) ( laughter )
( voting and counting of votes : see minutes )
the determination to promote relations with latin american countries could pave the way to resolving the whole issue of european investors ' rights , in an appropriate manner .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , this excellent result , for which i thank this house , will now be followed by a series of amendments not covered by the compromise .
( the president cut off the speaker )
the problem is , we are in mid-report , so i am afraid we do have to conclude it before we can take something else .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
as the author is not present , question no 7 lapses .
mr president , i wish to add my welcome to the danish presidency and i welcome in particular the commitment to one europe , which is very important .
. – mr president , mr tuomioja , mrs ferrero-waldner , what we have experienced this summer ought to be totally and utterly inconceivable in our time .
that is why we want a statement and a debate to be included on thursday ’ s agenda , and , if possible , as the first agenda item in the morning .
our negative votes on individual points are merely a continuation of this general lack of confidence .
mr ribeiro e castro has the floor for a point of order .
we cannot open a debate on that now , mr busuttil. you have the floor , but we cannot open a debate .
the second condition for serbia is the control of borders with kosovo and cooperation with eulex , and thirdly , the drafting of a national strategy on migration .
adoption of the minutes of the previous sitting
as regards extradition between member states , therefore , mutual confidence in the national judicial systems has resulted in revision of the political offence derogation in relation to terrorist crimes .
3. the countries must carry out more checks in these areas .
thirdly , that the written statement by the european parliament with its 439 signatures by members who want branches to be controlled and to operate properly lapses by default ; and
mr belleré , you have the floor for five minutes .
the commission will closely follow the implementation of these recommendations , which provide for significant welfare improvements .
finally , the plea to review the common policy on public health is inappropriate since the health policy does not fall within the community 's remit .
we voted against the report for the following reasons :
i should furthermore like to mention the state of the press in karelia and elsewhere too in russia , where there are pressures that are simply not acceptable .
as usual , i have three points :
- vittorio emanuele agnoletto , andré brie , luisa morgantini and tobias pflüger , on behalf of the gue / ngl group , on cluster munitions and anti-vehicle mines ( b6-0120 / 2004 ) ;
that concludes the explanations of vote .
these organisation and information strategies are essential if we are to be able to take immediate , focused action when a vaccine becomes available .
the issue you have raised , mr mann , has already been raised just now by mr posselt , with great feeling , feeling equal to yours , moreover .
i could therefore only vote in favour of the report .
i was going to make a statement about that at the end of the sitting , because i would like to avoid having a debate about it now .
mr torres couto , the rapporteur , now has the floor for five minutes .
implementing measures ( rule 88 ) : see minutes
2. the eu constitution is intended to significantly accelerate the militarisation of the eu and ( in iii-311 ) lays down a whole range of militaristic projects .
i think that the energy services market is extremely important. it gives opportunities not only for energy efficiency , but for employment and growth in the union .
question no 35 by proinsias de rossa ( h-0097 / 02 ) :
so i have voted for his report with determination and a degree of enthusiasm .
. mr president , today ’ s debate in the house exemplifies the democratic nature of this parliament .
as you know , the echo aid is dealt with by ngos in the eu , the united nations agencies and international humanitarian organisations .
today also happens to be your birthday mr yushchenko , and on behalf of the house i would like to wish you many happy returns of the day .
once again , i hope that we will receive replies to these three questions .
that has long been the rule , and yesterday the bureau agreed to instruct parliament 's administration to ensure that these provisions are respected .
. all members of the house benefit from free medical insurance .
the rapporteur 's opportunistic attempt to use the report to make nationalistic proposals in his own personal interest is entirely inappropriate and entirely undermines the purpose of the communication .
the joint debate on community railways will be held before mrs hieronymi 's report on television broadcasting .
what is in fact the point of these proposals , since they amend a text of higher legal status and will therefore remain inapplicable ?
( sv ) mr president , commissioner , it feels good to be back again , and i have been able to begin work by reading two constructive reports .
i have to announce the recent death of our former colleague joaquim miranda , who was a member of the european parliament for eighteen years .
in this case , the european aviation safety agency ( easa ) would also become responsible for certifying aircraft and pilots , a competence that currently falls to each of the national authorities .
the next item is the statements by the council and the commission on the preparations for the vienna european council of 11 / 12 december 1998 .
. in adopting a statute for members of the european parliament , we are having the wrong debate at the wrong time .
in writing . - ( pl ) the european union should exercise particular care when handling trade and economic relations with third countries .
author . - mr president , we are once again discussing the difficult situation in zimbabwe .
the next item is the debates on cases of the violation of human rights , democracy and the rule of law .
( bg ) first of all , mr strasser , i would like to say that i cannot agree that there is no information on how eavesdropping devices have been used .
madam president , i am advised by the services that each additional roll-call vote costs eur 400 , which makes the cost of yesterday 's escapade in excess of eur 25 000 .
mr president , i should like to begin by thanking mr hatzidakis for his usual constructive cooperation .
in short , and in conclusion , we must adopt a practical approach which safeguards biodiversity , while , at the same time , acknowledging the professional and commercial role of farmers .
- before the vote on article 2e :
that is why the council has to date only managed to reach a common position which the rapporteur considers very inadequate .
( parliament rejected the initiative of the republic of france )
thank you very much for your attention .
what specific measures does the commission intend to take in the run-up to winter ?
i am grateful to all of the speakers and to the vice-president of the commission for their participation .
in addition , member states can promote energy efficiency through the requirements stipulated in public procurement procedures. therefore , priority must be given to businesses which use cleaner technologies .
i should like to thank the commissioner and all colleagues who took part in that important debate .
we shall now proceed to the vote .
a lot has been done , but more ambition and sensible concrete actions is the message i want to send to the european commission today . !
i declare the session of the european parliament adjourned .
( ro ) last december , the european union made an historic commitment to reduce carbon emissions , thereby confirming its leading position in terms of efforts to combat climate change .
the next item is the statement by the president concerning the eu 's recognition of the roma genocide during world war ii .
our group and i personally say yes to the constitution .
this is another step in the right direction in terms of improving our relations with china and promoting an advantageous environment for both parties .
entry into the eu is recognition of the road taken towards modernising the country while respecting community values and principles. congratulations and welcome , therefore , to slovenia .
( parliament agreed to accept the oral amendment )
i also call on the members to proceed to the ballot box corresponding to the first letter of their surnames .
we shall now continue the debate on the statement by the president of the european parliament 's delegation to the conciliation committee - novel foods .
we must not see our borders as a wall. but nor must we see them as rolling forward inexorably .
the proposed international charter would be a good idea , but parliament should be involved in the debate surrounding it .
we would welcome parliament 's further views on this issue and will keep you informed on further developments .
i think that we should say ' no ' tomorrow .
secondly , that the principle of cohesion and solidarity between the member states must not end ; and
mr president , it is not easy to be fair in a pernicious climate where anything goes .
the vote on the motions on economic partnership agreements is postponed until december and the deadlines proposed are as follows :
it is important to reflect firstly on what the draft regulation is designed to achieve , and secondly , on why is it needed and what significance it has ?
the next item is voting time .
the vote will take place at 12 noon .
the rapporteur wishes to speak , and i now give her the floor .
has the council considered that making these procedures quicker would prevent not only these tragedies , but also the cost to some member states of maintaining that situation ?
the next item is the joint debate on :
mr president , it is a question to the commissioner. my question to the commissioner was crystal clear , and i should like a little bit more clarification on this .
that concludes questions to the commission .
the vote will take place on wednesday at 12 p.m.
firstly , economic competitiveness : if the european economy is not competitive , the social protection system will collapse in the long term .
. ( de ) i have not voted for the compromise motion of article 15 ( 1 ) proposed by mrs paciotti and mrs palacio .
in this respect standardisation , the harmonisation of safety regulations at union level is altogether paramount if passengers are to travel in optimum safety .
we then ask the commission , through the international agencies and the ngo , to develop humanitarian aid and particularly the protection of populations in difficulties , particularly refugees and evacuees .
the vote will be taken tomorrow at 12 noon .
written declarations included in the register ( rule 123 ) : see minutes
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
1. religious freedom in pakistan (
the vote will take place on wednesday 17 may 2000 .
thank you , mrs záborská. we will take care of this matter .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 p.m.
2. draft amending budget 3 / 2008 (
i should like in fact to invoke the rules of procedure relating to the conference of presidents which , as you pointed out , mr president , sets the agenda .
( de ) mr president , ladies and gentlemen , we should not direct any additional financial support towards members and representatives who argue against democracy at the european level .
- before the vote on amendment 5
( the president cut off the speaker )
secondly , uncertainty over the possible postponement of entry into effect of monetary union , due to the previous question .
thanks are due not least to the rapporteurs for their good and cooperative approach to our work together .
ladies and gentlemen , commissioner , mr pohjamo ' s resolution included some amendments tabled by the group of the party of european socialists and some tabled by mr fava and myself .
i believe that , by means of subsidiarity and also the commission 's initiative , we should regulate and act on the structuring of pluralism , the media and , above all , neutrality .
the vote will take place tomorrow .
8. agreement between the ec and the former yugoslav republic of macedonia on readmission ( vote )
thank you , mr graefe zu baringdorf. you have indeed said what had to be said well within the time allocated .
i have received one motion for a resolution ( 1 ) in accordance with rule 108 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure .
mr president , commissioner , i would also like to begin by thanking the rapporteurs of this excellent work .
2. obsolete council acts in the field of the common agricultural policy (
i voted against because i think that it is possible to find a more suitable person for the position offered , from a professional point of view .
– we shall look into it , mr heaton-harris .
thirdly , why is it that you want to treat ' market ' and ' non-market ' economies equally ?
question no 9 by astrid thors ( h-0867 / 98 )
the commission thanks the rapporteur for the support given to the commission proposal .
( parliament rejected the requests for urgent procedure )
the budget is a fundamental act which makes political choices. we reject these choices and so will vote against the 2000 budget .
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , following the hutchinson report , which we debated yesterday evening , the cottigny report sets out the debate on the restructuring and relocation of businesses .
amendment no 5 : the user should have the opportunity to request formal authorization from the competent authority for category 2 uses .
lastly , i would like to express my fear that only centres of excellence will be recognised .
once again , i would like to express my deep admiration for these brave people : the mccartney family .
the next item is a statement by the commission on elections in nigeria .
i therefore support this resolution , in the hope that the eu will continue to adopt an ambitious position within the united nations convention on biological diversity .
yet , latin america is rich in every respect , starting with its inhabitants , who have a powerful culture. europe cannot , therefore , fail to take an interest in it .
i abstained from the final vote for the following reasons :
. this report assesses turkey ’ s progress towards its potential accession to the european union .
continued efforts to allow unita time and space to reorganise and become a viable political force are encouraged .
i propose postponing my proposal until thursday afternoon when mr solana is present .
mr solbes mira has the floor on behalf of the commission .
( the sitting was suspended at 6.20 p.m. and resumed at 6.30 p.m. )
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the arroni report does not present new ideas , but requires some comment .
17. taxation of savings income in the form of interest payments (
it was not easy to find a balance between maintaining competition between the airlines and guaranteeing the independence of travel agents , while enabling passengers to receive useful , unbiased information .
the sitting was closed at 6.10 p.m.
i support the report that has been presented. in my view , it is a balanced and non-confrontational document .
( the sitting was closed at 12.40 p.m. )
the vote will take place at the end of the debates .
fourthly , we need to address the needs of developing countries and the economies in transition by promoting capacity building , transfer of technology and assistance for adaptation .
the second point naturally concerns the western balkans. i am delighted that the process of their integration is not being questioned , nor should it .
mr president , i just want to warmly welcome to the european parliament the upper austrian visitors from the union of private sector employees. thank you for your understanding .
may i ask you another question madam president-in-office of the council ? give us here in the european parliament full control and the final say over legislation .
association agreements , mr president , must be made conditional on compliance with international resolutions and the non-use of military means to resolve problems .
we are , however , concerned over how article 7 ( 2 ) of the directive , the wording of which is not unambiguous , will be interpreted .
subject : proposed project for the completion of khmelnitski 2 and rovno 4 nuclear reactors ( k2 / r4 ) in the ukraine
let me add as the budget commissioner , that the commission has welcomed parliament 's decision for the 2001 budget to increase amounts for loans and grants available to smes .
to sum up , we need to support this - we have worked hard on it. it is a small step , but it is an important one .
the minutes of yesterday 's sitting have been distributed .
would the council consider giving more support to foundations like the clinton foundation , which has proven to be so successful in individual countries ?
the report by our colleague mr triviño comes at a particularly painful time , and we can only express our condolences to the families affected by the swissair tragedy .
i am therefore in favour of mrs randzio-plath 's report .
attaining the mdgs and combating global poverty will require all donors to increase the quantity and improve the quality of aid , make trade fairer and abolish unsustainable debt .
mr president , the report and the framework programme have been extensively modified since they were first presented to this parliament .
- ( da ) mr president , i have been asked to make a statement entitled ' preparation for the european council meeting in brussels on 24-25 october 2002 ' .
at present it is impossible to conceive of europe 's energy supply without russia. at the same time , however , this special relationship must be based on reciprocity .
. mr president , the committee on regional development supported this report with a large majority. the rapporteur had to harmonise completely opposing opinions , and deserves our thanks .
the next item on the agenda is the commission 's statement on the fine imposed on the french football federation following its infringement of the european legislation on competition .
member of the commission . - mr president , today 's debate on iceland and the next steps in its accession process is very opportune .
risk to close down the company qimonda in germany and portugal and the loss of thousands of jobs in europe ( debate )
i can only repeat that , as far as the council knows , no ammunition of the type concerned , containing depleted uranium , is produced in europe .
. – that concludes the explanations of vote .
( the president cut off the speaker )
these advances justify my vote in favour of the final text .
in any case , we will consider your remark , i.e. we will take it into consideration when planning our activities in the next six months .
the next item is the five draft resolutions on china : minority rights and use of the death penalty .
we have therefore abstained from voting on this matter .
achieve growing bilateral benefits for an ever-increasing number of citizens
whilst these are laudable aims , i believe the amendment is too restrictive and would perhaps be better as a voluntary piece of information .
once again , i thank you for this award .
to round off quickly , i congratulate the rapporteur on the work he has done .
( et ) ladies and gentlemen , freedom of speech is the most important feature of democracy. it cannot be the subject of any compromise .
- before the vote on recital d
the european parliament 's commission of inquiry is an obligatory step. it will have to determine responsibilities at all levels : european institutions , governments , the animal feed industry , etc .
- ( de ) my group agrees with this report for the following reasons :
3. strengthen cooperation programmes between the former parties to the conflict and the countries in the region .
are there any objections to this proposal ? there are none. i therefore consider it adopted and that is what we will do .
that is in fact how they are arranged in the voting list .
finally , i congratulate mr sterckx on the way he presented this to the committee and for his cooperation .
as i have said , we shall investigate and there will be an explanation. that completes our agenda , and i wish you a happy weekend .
madam president , i do not think there are any left , thanks to the common fisheries policy !
president băsescu 's announcement on passports also added to tensions. we must show sensitivity to bilateral relations but , nonetheless , insist agreements are honoured .
second , the coordination of fiscal policies , particularly in order to fight against all forms of fiscal dumping and all other forms of deregulation .
i note that there is no quorum and that the vote on the pesälä report will therefore take place in the next part-session .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 9 a.m.
we very much reject quite a few of the positions adopted by parliament 's committee on culture and education where this programme is concerned .
( b5-0185 / 2003 ) by mrs malmström , mrs maaten and mr van den bos , on behalf of the eldr group , on the renewal and strengthening of the eu common position on burma .
second : consolidation. there are now so many different types of legislation on various subjects and in various places that these should be consolidated and brought together .
1 . 2008 discharge : european police college (
decisions concerning certain documents : see minutes
( it ) mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the objective that we set ourselves has not been fully achieved , in my view .
on behalf of the uen group . - madam president , i apologise for interrupting the vote .
i have received six motions for resolutions pursuant to rule 40 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure .
mr president , i welcome this report because it raises issues that need discussion .
does the spanish presidency not agree that it would be better to make financial investments in this instead of putting all our money unilaterally into new , star wars-like investments ?
thirdly , we need to define a clear eu strategy on this subject , and i would like to thank baroness ashton for her announcement on this .
the sitting was suspended at 12.50 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m.
i give you kennedy 's comments : ' those who make peaceful protest impossible , make violent protest inevitable ' .
i am also much obliged to commission vice-president barrot. he and his staff have brought great expertise and even greater commitment to bear to promote and facilitate this compromise .
situation in chile and eu humanitarian aid strategy ( debate )
however , a temporary slowdown in economic growth might , under certain circumstances , be an acceptable price to pay for a major environmental improvement for citizens in heavily polluted regions .
i welcome mr oostlander 's report and hope that this house will take seriously the need to be ruthless in tracking down the members of these drug cartels .
thank you very much , commissioner vitorino .
i give the floor to mrs bjerregaard to answer mr smith 's question .
mr president , nothing justifies the use of terrorism. equally importantly , there should be no ambivalence about this evil .
( the sitting was suspended at 1.30 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
also , and very importantly , adjusting fishing efforts to msy levels is the single most important action that can be taken to reduce discarding in european waters .
let me conclude by thanking both rapporteurs for their work and for their willingness to discuss contentious points frankly and constructively .
we shall now proceed to the vote .
presentation by the council of the draft general budget for 2002
in order to avoid any further discussion , i will inform the president , and president pöttering will tell you what the repercussions will be .
regrettably , many others were not adopted. i was therefore unable to vote in favour of the report .
it is unbelievable that the majority in the european parliament is prepared to endorse the continuation of this disgrace .
b5-0726 / 2001 by mrs morgantini and others , on behalf of the gue / ngl group , on the human rights situation in nigeria ;
for this reason , mr president , i consider that this amendment should be withdrawn from the list of amendments we are voting on today .
thank you , mr gargani. those mandates are thus ratified. we wish the new members every success .
i have received seven motions for resolutions pursuant to rule 37 of the rules of procedure .
ladies and gentlemen of the parliament , thank you very much .
fifthly , are we being fair to local authorities ? no , the amendments ignore them .
( hu ) mr president , the slovak national language law violates five basic rights contained in the charter of fundamental rights which comes into force on 1 december .
mr president , i would like to make explanations of vote on two reports combined : on the cappato and cederschiöld reports .
i strongly oppose the use of non-human primates for biomedical research , except only where there is a need to use them exclusively in experiments involving life-threatening or debilitating conditions .
the lalumière report is therefore showing us the path we should take. it is simply a matter of having the political will to go further along it .
are there any objections to mr pasty 's proposal ?
i believe you will find elements in them which may help you in the work you have yet to do .
mr president , i am speaking with full knowledge of the facts and i believe that you should be aware of them too .
i have today voted against the approval of romano prodi as the new president of the commission .
secondly : as far as financial assistance is concerned , a distinction should be made between everyone and those who need this financial assistance. the distinction is easy to make .
i would now like to conclude question time. questions no 56 to 93 will be answered in writing .
( bg ) the outcome of the last european council meeting serves as an example of how to put into practice one of the european union 's basic principles : solidarity .
mrs thors , as you are aware , this is a common practice , and when reports do not present problems it does not matter in the least .
the next item is the vote .
3. european ombudsman 's activity report for 2009 (
the next item is the commission statement on the third asia-europe meeting ( asem iii , seoul , 20-21 october 2000 ) .
subject : cfsp : future prospects for kosova
( the president cut off the speaker )
european year for combating poverty and social exclusion ( continuation of debate )
i voted against the report. it seems to me that more relevant tasks are being postponed because eur 15 million are being expended on expo 2000 in hanover .
mr president , i naturally want to thank mr marques and congratulate him on his report and also on the way he has presented it .
. whilst the labour group supports the " feira " approach to this matter , it is concerned that amendments in this report voted through undermined the cooperative basis already agreed .
rather than saying ' the council and the member states ' , i propose that we say ' the member states within the council ' .
so , you are the one who has shown - proving mr poignant right - that i am forgetful of how overrated my reputation is .
i will listen to my fellow members ' comments with great interest and respond to them at the end .
we should always focus primarily on the problems affecting the eu member states .
( speech was cut short pursuant to rule 137 of the rules of procedure )
boeing 's complaint against airbus seems to have more to do with commercial interests than with actual compliance issues relating to competition rules .
we therefore have a basic disagreement on the compromise which is submitted to us and on which we do not intend to vote .
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see minutes
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
safety , hygiene and health protection at work
the vote will take place on thursday , 26 march 2009 .
madam president , i would like to briefly mention , on behalf of the spanish socialist members , the criteria which have led to these amendments .
consequently , this initiative is very much in the interest of the eu and the member states .
subject : ' irreversibility ' of eu membership
i would therefore ask you to help the commission , to help my colleague , to continue her and our simplification work and give a positive opinion on this proposal .
– the next item is voting time .
– mr president , television has been a catalytic medium for many years now , informing , educating and entertaining european citizens .
i call upon the lithuanian authorities to restore the polish names of streets and towns in regions where most residents are part of the polish minority .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
( es ) this might be a very reasonable criterion , but is it written down in any rules or in the rules of procedure of the plenary or of parliament ?
the guidelines in the directive should encourage rational measures and they should not discourage member states and farmers .
plenary amendments 170,154 , 171 , 194 , 189 , 193 , 188 , 152 , 159 , 180 , 181 , 183 , 185
in my view only the country issuing the driving licence should continue to be responsible for doing this .
simpler legislation for the internal market ( slim )
we believe that all this will form a useful point of reference for all community action in the health sector .
secondly , echelon exists , whether under this name or any other. the european parliament should be in no doubt about this .
b5-0356 / 2000 by mr haarder and others , on behalf of the group of the european liberal , democrat and reform party ;
let us hope that this debate will have the best possible effect on the situation facing renault workers .
( the sitting was closed at 12 midnight )
i believe that such upward gradation of quality would be of great importance to consumers and the public .
b5-0367 / 1999 by mrs ferrer and others , on behalf of the ppe / de group , on the situation in sierra leone .
thank you very much for your cooperation , mr janssen van raay .
there are tragedies , however , which persist while nobody talks about them , which get worse and fester although they do not make the headlines .
. the council has noted your point and will do what i have just said .
( the president cut the speaker off )
the next item is the one-minute speeches on matters of political importance .
we simply cannot let this form of modern day slavery continue. not only is sexual exploitation a crime , it is also a gross violation of human rights .
as the time allotted to questions to the commission has elapsed , questions nos 35 to 76 will be replied to in writing ( 3 ) .
mr president , i have put a very pertinent question to the italian presidency. would you allow the italian presidency to answer it ?
thank you very much for your comments , mr leinen , which i shall relay verbatim to the president of the european parliament .
10. china 's policy and its effects on africa (
in fact , all the actual work needed to fight tax havens and reform the financial institutions is yet to be done .
to set adequate funds aside for the eu 's various priorities .
oral questions and written declarations ( submission ) : see minutes
b ) the initiatives in the field of corporate social responsibility , which must be promoted by employee representatives when they participate in the management of sces ;
the vote will take place on tuesday at 12 noon .
i therefore very much welcome this resolution and parliament 's strong support for sepa .
mr president , i voted for the garcía-margallo y marfil report on the taxation of electronic commerce .
the adoption of this report is an important step towards ensuring respect for the rights of workers in the maritime sector .
( explanation of vote cut short pursuant to rule 137 ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure )
second european roma summit ( motions for resolutions tabled ) : see minutes
in writing . - i supported mr watson 's recommendation and welcome the continuing cooperation between the eu and moldova .
i apologise to mr madlener , to ms theocharous and to mr hadjigeorgiou , who are also present. their questions have not been reached. they will get a reply in writing .
i would suggest that we do not change the agenda today .
the forthcoming european elections are a very good example of the political will of these two institutions to cooperate in order to establish joint communication priorities .
i shall now give the floor to mr watson , chairman of this committee , so that he can present the request on its behalf .
educational multimedia is the perfect trojan horse for stating european identity and the european union must accept this and draw the necessary consequences .
the restoration of fundamental social balances will not take place without the support of the social partners and the development of a european social dialogue .
mr president , firstly i want to thank the rapporteur , mrs jensen , for this work , which has taken her months and has always had our support .
the most significant one , however , is the lack of freedom , not least union freedom , which denies chinese workers the chance to request pay rises or improved working conditions .
i welcome the approach of market mechanisms , like the emissions trading system , but i hope we can improve the methodology and make it work better to achieve our aims .
mr president , the european union must have a competitive industry , one that creates wealth and thus jobs .
an eco-efficient economy obviously requires new skills .
( es ) madam president , i would like to congratulate those who have worked on this financial package , especially the staff and members of this house .
( the sitting was opened at 15 : 05 )
3. agreement between the european community and brazil on certain aspects of air services (
artistic studies in the european union ( short presentation )
4. the situation concerning the president of the world bank
lisbon , after all , has been legally dead since the referendum in ireland. why can we not just respect that ?
as well as the points mentioned earlier , one should explain several definitions and conditions in order to avoid misunderstandings and erroneous application of the regulations .
exactly the same applies to highly refined products such as edible oils or sugar. there is demonstrably no longer any genetic modification in the product. so why label it ?
the directive in question , which is designed to plug the gaps in environmental policy , is an important step towards improving health and restoring the seas .
section i , european parliament-section iv , court of justice-section v , court of auditors-section vi , economic and social committee and committee of the regions .
the next item is the debate on the following motions for resolution :
at present , whilst tax demands continue to be intensified in every one of the member states , mobility is almost impossible .
before the vote on the first part of recital k
the time has come , and we have to prove it in lisbon !
i am deeply disappointed , however , that a clause as fundamental as this one remains absent from the agreements on textiles .
question no 44 by mihail papayannakis ( h-0713 / 97 )
5. trade arrangements applicable to certain goods resulting from the processing of agricultural products (
this is therefore the european parliament 's unilateral position , and it does not have any immediate or concrete impact on the issues it relates to .
i would like to dwell on the two points which are causing a problem. first human rights , and then of course the reference to turkey .
– madam president , international and regional developments confirm the need to formulate new integrated strategic relations between the european union and russia .
excuse me , madam president , if i have spoken for too long , but i believe that this is a crucial subject , for me and for us all .
subject : 1998 budget and the structural funds
furthermore , at the request of the commission and the member states , cen , the european standardisation body , is proceeding to an in-depth review of the european standards on breast implants .
i think all these policies are best determined locally. therefore i abstained on the whole report .
very well. the necessary corrections will be made .
let us hope that the council will now adopt parliament 's recommendations at second reading and actually do something to promote sustainable development , instead of merely paying it lip-service .
i believe that we should communicate our appeal within the context of the relations and the meetings between the russian government and our european commission .
as you see , mr hegyi , i share your concerns .
the eu efforts to ensure its energy security should also be increased to the maximum , including by the development of the nabucco project .
rapporteur . - mr president , it is good to get the vote on the 2007 budget under way .
9. european institute of innovation and technology (
i wish to inform you that the group of the alliance of liberals and democrats for europe has withdrawn from the joint motion for a resolution .
i declare the session of the european parliament adjourned .
the next item is the joint debate on the following 17 motions for resolutions :
1. increase funding to this region , given that the european union perpetrated and aided and abetted its destruction .
equality of opportunity for people with disabilities
as the authors are not present , questions 37 , 38 and 39 lapse .
the issue under consideration concerns the compatibility of the non-discrimination rule with the eu competition rules .
i very much hope that this report will serve as a springboard for the much deeper discussion and analysis that we require .
( the president declared the common position adopted as amended )
this leads me to four brief and simple comments , since the report by mr markov and the proposals from mr solbes mira have enlightened parliament .
the next item is the statement by mr prodi , president-designate of the commission .
the first one relates to the dioxin issue and the belgian authority ' s involvement in that .
on behalf of the uen group . - ( pl ) minister , commissioner , at the last moment we are breaking the eu 's rather compromising silence on the matter of georgia .
improvements in the safety and health at work of pregnant workers and workers who have recently given birth or are breastfeeding - precarious women workers ( debate )
the vote will take place on wednesday 22 april 2009 .
i am informed by the services , mrs jackson , that the process will come into place gradually. there is nothing there at the present time .
the objectives i have mentioned in relation to when members states wish to enter the eurozone , are dates defined by those states themselves .
however , we would have liked to see the labelling of chemicals in category five .
ladies and gentlemen , very quickly , the background in brief. i assure you , it will be brief .
nor can i accept compulsory coordination of budget and finance policy .
during the vote , i shall table an additional proposal that is necessary if our decision is to be in accordance with the new rules governing the budget .
as i hope you have already done as well , mr ford .
the vote will take place tomorrow at noon .
the commission cannot accept amendments 1 to 49 , 90 and 91 .
question no 3 by felipe camisón asensio ( h-0499 / 98 )
19. greening of transport and internalisation of external costs (
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see minutes
' calls on the commission to draw up as soon as possible a draft regulation effectively securing free movement of workers in the member states of the european union ' .
madam commissioner , we make an earnest appeal for a constructive dialogue with you and with the council on this specific issue .
the vote will take place today at 12.00 .
does the house agree to put this compromise amendment to the vote ?
in my opinion , a total ban is the right approach. for this reason , i have endorsed the report by mrs wallis .
if we are to take the findings of the world conference on women seriously , then we need to come up with some real results .
the next item is the debate on the following six motions for resolutions on human rights in kazakhstan and central asia :
the european union must use its influence at international level , not to dilute the dynamic released by cartagena , but to strengthen it. the same goes for its responsibility .
( for the results and other details of the vote : see minutes )
whilst the rapporteur has put forward some welcome proposals , we cannot accept the creation of an internal market for energy and the liberalisation that goes with that .
should the implementation of the union ' s foreign policy not now finally be entrusted to one person ?
- before the vote on paragraph 1 ( x ) :
this idea was mooted to me by the speaker of the philippine parliament , when we were there , and i think the time has come for this initiative .
b5-0557 / 2002 by mr van den bos , on behalf of the eldr group , on the international criminal court ;
mr president , it is good to have the commission statement , and i thank mrs gradin for coming and making it .
i have received six motions for resolutiontabled in accordance with rule 110 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
the vote will take place on wednesday .
i have received one motion for a resolution pursuant to rule 103 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
. we have to stop giving with one hand and taking away with the other !
secondly , kyoto must be ratified and that will be our main job in new delhi. we must convince our counterparts , especially our russian counterparts , that this makes sense .
the commission , until now , has been particularly overcautious in its proposals , which is something that i find deeply deplorable .
i put the request from the pse and gue / ngl groups to the vote .
( the president cut off the speaker . )
( explanation of vote cut short pursuant to rule 137 ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure )
? and in seville you have had to give the interior ministers homework with deadlines .
( the president cut off the speaker )
i shall submit this to the conference of presidents , mr adam , and you will be notified of the outcome .
in addition , compliance with international agreements on social , employment and environmental matters ; and especially , we would like to stress , the fight against child labour .
( el ) madam president , before the internal market programme of 1992 there was the cecchini report on the costs of non-europe .
in the absence of such amendments being carried , british labour meps will vote against this directive .
renewable energy could also be linked in a positive manner with our forest development programme , thus ensuring the maximum utilization of the by-products of the forestry sector .
decisions concerning certain documents : see minutes
it is appropriate that meps should receive a card which they could use only to buy tickets to brussels and strasbourg .
as we have reached voting time , the debate is now suspended. it will be resumed at 3 p.m.
the measures that the commission intends to adopt can be subdivided into three categories :
in conclusion , the key to that will be transparency of their activities so that all their customers can see exactly what package of services they are getting .
in response to your question , therefore , the commission is pleased with the way the new pact is operating .
in writing . - ( it ) mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i voted for the coelho report on security features and biometrics in passports and travel documents .
mr de vries , i believe that many of us agree with your comments .
against this background , there was no need to discuss the question of levels of us crude oil and petroleum product reserves at the annual eu-us summit .
mr tusk , we undertake to do our part , but we are very much counting on strong support in the council of the european union .
accordingly , a fundamental part of what we were proposing has been safeguarded , and we therefore expect the commission and the council to endorse parliament 's decision .
that concludes this item on the agenda .
to say that a common agricultural policy should be the cornerstone of food security is an amazing statement which needs to be shot down .
mr rübig , i cannot see the connection between your question and the original question so i will have to answer your question in writing .
we do not realise just how obscure the mechanisms are. total legal insecurity is the overriding feature in this area .
( sv ) mr president , prime minister , we are discussing the future of europe here , but the biggest question is who will decide that future .
i also want to take this opportunity to welcome the european union 's special envoy for the middle east peace process , his excellency ambassador moratinos .
the only way to take the first step towards peace , however , is to condemn the paramilitary groups and to enter into dialogue with the farc and eln .
whilst working for the achievement of common objectives aimed at preserving stability in asia , japan is becoming a preferred contact for europe in terms of relations with asiatic countries .
the vote will take place on thursday , 20 november 2008 .
i urge the commission to accept these proposals .
subject : structural funds policy after 1999
- after the vote on amendment 878
subject : directives on the recognition of diplomas and discrimination against consultant engineering firms
unless you address those serious issues , we will not be able to turn the theoretical plans for a mediterranean union into a reality .
on the other hand , we have a moral duty to safeguard our citizens ' right to enjoy pensions which provide them with a decent living .
mr lehideux ’ s report aims to soften some of the pernicious effects of the reform of the eu ’ s sugar regime , by proposing :
in order to be able to progress with a minimum of stability , economic policy needs fiscal harmonization to go hand in hand with the single currency .
the vote will take place today at 12 noon .
i look forward to supporting member states in their efforts to work closely with parliament in addressing alzheimer 's disease and other forms of dementia .
6. combating late payment in commercial transactions (
fourthly , elections : assistance with , and monitoring of , elections .
i am sorry , but that it is what our rules of procedure say , and we will therefore discuss this issue at the next conference of presidents .
thank you , mr zaleski - the applause speaks for itself .
the vote will take place at 12 noon on wednesday , 10 march 2010 .
3. iran , in particular , the case of nasrin sotoudeh (
this essentially brought the whole negotiation process to a halt , and it requires a response from the international community , i insist , at two levels .
author . - ( sv ) madam president , i would like to begin by thanking mrs jöns for her great commitment and for having got to grips with this tremendously important issue .
question no 36 by florus wijsenbeek ( h-0785 / 97 )
thirdly , we need to strengthen short sea shipping. this is vital , especially in certain areas of the european union , and of course helps to protect the environment .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12.30 p.m.
draft general budget for the 2009 financial year ( deadline for tabling draft amendments ) : see minutes
( the sitting was suspended at 11.35 a.m. and resumed for voting time at noon )
. the importance of education and training in creating a competitive and dynamic knowledge-based economy in europe is widely acknowledged .
the next item is the commission communication on the green paper on consumer protection and contamination of food by nitrofen .
internet governance : the next steps ( short presentation )
madam president , our sitting seems to be particularly devoted to human rights .
motion for a resolution on the preparation of the nice european council
( parliament agreed to the tabling of the oral amendment ) - on amendment no 7
( the president cut the speaker off )
the sitting was closed at 0.10 a.m.
implementing measures ( rule 88 ) : see minutes
i hope to have been as thorough as possible in answering your questions .
how will the commission ensure that the funds allocated to the gfatm are not used for bribery and corruption ?
the vote will take place today at 12 noon .
sustainable management of forests in developing countries
6. upcoming eu-us summit and transatlantic economic council (
i thank parliament very much and i shall take full account of this report and the subsequent debate .
i now want to make a few quick remarks .
i therefore regret , mr borghezio , that i was not able to cut you off as i should have done .
fifthly , and this aspect is especially important in this case , the commission has taken measures to eliminate the element of state aid involved in irish corporation tax .
( the sitting was closed at 11.40 p.m. )
never before has the european union agreed to dedicate such a significant amount to key energy projects .
( for the results and other details on the vote : see minutes )
( pl ) - mr president , once again this forum is discussing trade relations with china , which has over the past decade emerged as a world economic and political power .
i intend to ask questions , mr president , and i hope we can find a solution to them tomorrow .
9. granting and withdrawing international protection (
state of play as regards sis ii and vis ( motions for resolutions tabled ) : see minutes
the promotion of partnership in implementing reform of the areas of employment and integration .
i thank ms hall for her wide-ranging report and i commend it to colleagues .
the third area of discussion is illegal migration , because to be comprehensive we must also tackle illegal migration and protect european external borders .
- ( el ) the debate is closed .
despite the many positive aspects of the report , i will vote against in the light of the above comments .
15. implementation of the single euro payments area ( sepa ) ( vote )
today i have heard social democratic speaking : nicolas sarkozy , long-standing leader of the ump , conservative french president , speaks like a veritable european socialist .
( pl ) madam president , allowing private operators to provide postal services is a controversial decision. time will tell whether it is beneficial for consumers .
which means , ‘ thank you very much for your speech ’ .
question no 19 by maría izquierdo rojo ( h-0349 / 99 )
from this perspective , it is a european question which we should address intensively in the immediate future .
lastly , i should like to highlight the case of the kurdish leader , abdullah ocalan , and call on the council to make a determined effort to intervene in this situation .
mr president , my group would naturally like to help in the rapid creation of common security rules for civil aviation. this is self-evident after the events of 11 september .
10. legal protection of designs ( vote )
i call on the commission to tell us what actions it will be taking if the greek authorities fail to implement the community directive appropriately .
finally , i support parliament ’ s request to the european commission that specific measures be proposed within the framework of protecting spa water .
2. electronic communications networks and services (
mr president , on a point of order. having heard the commissioner and the budget spokesman , i am happy to withdraw my objection .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i have another contribution to the previous topic .
( the sitting was suspended at 11.25 a.m. and resumed at 11.35 a.m. )
i am sure that members of this parliament and of the council will continue to be guided by wisdom in taking future decisions relating to the financial perspectives .
creation of an immigration liaison officers ' network ( debate )
if we understand this and come up with a good diagnosis , then the disease may well be curable. if not , it will simply persist .
author . - madam president , this poverty-stricken ex-colony has suffered decades of political instability and crisis , resulting in profound and prolonged suffering for its citizens .
i now come to the numerous crises where europe is involved .
i should now like to outline the commission ’ s position on the individual amendments .
the vote will take place on wednesday 12 march 2008 .
regarding the issue of a change of capital or our representation in israel , we see no reason to change it .
( parliament rejected the motion for a resolution )
three , how does the commission believe it can strike a balance between its objective of regional development and its task of combating distortions of competition ?
this is where we need clarity and transparency ; that is how we treat with respect those who elect us and by whose money we are paid .
( the president cut off the speaker )
( pt ) mr president , i should like to table an oral amendment to amendment 22. in the original french , the phrase ' est subordiné ' should read ' devrait être subordiné ' .
so far , europe has played a leading role , which has really paid off. we certainly have something to celebrate in montreal .
mr corbett has the floor for a point of order .
in conclusion , i now give the floor to mr fischler .
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see minutes
1. the resolution says nothing about the need to give priority to sustainable development and the integration of environmental issues into all the policy areas of the community .
6. mobilisation of the european globalisation adjustment fund (
mr president , the commission could not have produced anything better than this text on labelling as evidence that france is right to keep its ban on british beef .
. terrorism , let there be no doubt , is the dictatorship of this century , and it should be fought unstintingly .
on these key principles we are in agreement with the report even if the details will require further refinement in the igc .
section ix - european data protection supervisor
thank you , commissioner.the debate is closed.the vote will take place on 29 january 2004 .
( the sitting was suspended at 7.35 p.m. and resumed at 9 p.m. )
production of wholesome food , protection of the environment and good animal welfare standards must also be key elements of cap reform .
- joint motion for a resolution
i call on you to play a leading role .
as the authors are not present , questions nos 33 and 34 fall .
honourable members , you have elected a president whose experience and commitment to our common european project is second to none .
so this is not the end of our work. i would like to thank you all for your contributions and your suggestions. the commission will take them on board .
9. makes it compulsory to publish an annual environmental report on compliance with limit values .
question no 52 by camilo nogueira román ( h-0599 / 02 ) :
madam president , mr barroso has left already but as he said , confidence is the basis of everything .
i would earnestly request that in the next few weeks you do all you can to bring your influence to bear on your member states on these two points .
the failure to guarantee access by an individual to his data or even to be aware that his personal data is being processed by europol ;
b5 ­ 0055 / 2001 by mr belder , on behalf of the group for a europe of democracies and diversities , on the law on the khmer rouge trial ;
. there are lessons that need to be learned from the failures and mistakes in the appointment of the commission last year .
for all these reasons , this report has won my vote .
i would in any case like this wording to ....
i have received one motion for a resolutionpursuant to rule 108 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure .
7. reciprocal recognition of navigability licences for inland waterway vessels ( codified version ) (
i think that answers your question , in the affirmative .
i am sure the quaestors have noted the point you have made .
i should like to tell mr seppänen that i personally am a great fan of euronews and have done all in my power to bolster it .
those are the reasons why i oppose paragraph 17 of the mcguinness report , which is otherwise problem-free .
subject : continued joint funding for ngos
i should make clear from the start that many amendments go beyond the scope of the original commission proposal .
i apologise to my group for using the common time available to us for such a personal testimony , although it is full of political relevance .
after years of debate and having signed the treaty of lisbon , the committee has submitted to parliament the first draft for a common asylum procedure between member states .
although we are not going to vote on the motions for resolutions , i would ask you , mr barroso , to read them carefully .
the minutes of the previous sitting have been distributed .
madam president , president-in-office of the council , vice-president of the commission , i would also like to thank you for your words and for your support .
12. framework programme of the european atomic energy community for nuclear research and training activities ( direct actions ) (
question no 12 by lennart sacrédeus ( h-0291 / 02 ) :
b5-0388 / 2003 tabled by john alexander corrie and bernd posselt , on behalf of the ppe-de group .
thirdly , there should be guaranteed equal treatment of all methods of transport , especially concerning value added tax and tax exempt sales .
compliance with the international agreements is the only solution , and the european union and its envoy should play a key role .
mr president , the college of quaestors seeks to be neutral in terms of expressing political opinions and i can assure you that it will continue to be so .
i would like to congratulate the police forces on their commendable work and their efforts to put an end to terrorism and to detain terrorists .
i would like to thank the president , pat cox , and this parliament , which represents many of the peoples of europe .
agenda for next sitting : see minutes
agenda of the next sitting : see minutes
mr president , i would like to congratulate mrs oomen-ruijten on her fine work. we have every confidence in her skills as rapporteur in this very awkward conciliation procedure .
in these circumstances a positive abstention seemed to be the right vote .
as you all know , the commission 's services published analyses a few weeks ago clearly showing where , and to what extent , reform is needed .
why should we do this together , rather than each of us separately ?
i welcome the fact that , for the first time in the history of european integration , national parliaments will have an active role in drawing up european legislation .
so , rapporteur , thank you for this very fruitful and very encouraging debate and i look forward to a very strong vote tomorrow in plenary .
with that caveat we would welcome this report , but we cannot support the 10 % proposal .
we have therefore voted against the report .
i must inform you that mr lamy has not yet arrived , so mrs diamantopoulou will answer questions first .
i will end this speech in the same way i have promised to every time i speak in this house : – ‘ i therefore maintain that prostitution must be abolished ’ .
this year we have had the fifth ' europe against cancer week ' , and priority number two for that was destined to be health , education and information .
i declare the session of the european parliament adjourned .
in writing . - i wish to explain my vote in relation to the report by francesco ferrari on the protection of pedestrians and other vulnerable road users .
subject : tax-free sales in the eu
the commission 's priorities for the third meeting of the parties may be summarised as follows :
( fr ) mr president , when there are racist voices calling for a ' europe without muslims ' , i call on you to intervene !
in that context , i should therefore like to bring to your attention three points that strike us as being especially important .
at the time , our former fellow member jean-françois deniau said , ' europe died at sarajevo ' , and i replied , ' europe did not die at sarajevo because europe does not exist ' .
in ireland the invaluable work carried out by the alzheimer 's society of ireland has made a significant contribution to supporting alzheimer 's sufferers and their families .
whilst accepting that good work is being carried out by the daphne programme , the british conservatives are opposed to the principles of the report , for the reasons outlined .
– each group and each member will , of course , consider how to act in the vote carefully .
b5-0458 / 2000 by posselt , on behalf of the ppe ­ de group ;
our farmers , having suffered competition from polish agriculture , will not survive competition from turkey , which will be the main beneficiary of the cap .
last but not least , i believe that public authorities must set an example in this respect and turn the buildings they own into energy efficient buildings .
( el ) mr president , i should like to express my deep regret about the tragic aircraft accident which occurred today in the province of qazvin in iran .
- at the end of the notice on the membership of committees and delegations
mr president , as an austrian and a styrian , but the son of a german mother , honourable member , i am pleased to hear this agreement in your supplementary question .
what reason do we have to believe that the impact of the clause in the fta will be any different ?
the europe of nations group has voted in favour of mr corrie 's report. this document reflects our group 's main concerns about the future of the acp-eu link .
before we proceed to the vote , mrs roth wishes to speak on a point of order. mrs roth , on which rule do you wish to speak ?
on behalf of the alde group . - mr president , it seems such a calm conclusion to such a tempestuous debate .
yesterday i received a petition from 571 slovenian journalists criticising you for not respecting their press freedom. will you allow an independent investigation ?
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
b5 ­ 0736 / 2000 by mrs muscardini , on behalf of the union for a europe of nations group , on accidents involving nuclear submarines ;
finally , we expect a lot from the financial and staff regulations that are to be adopted to further enhance the structure of the eeas and its community nature .
tonight , there are 700 people in scotland waiting for an organ transplant : that is 700 families waiting for calls that could guarantee their loved ones ' survival .
on the contrary , i am afraid that this regulation has only helped to distort competition internally within the eu .
. the report on the european charter for small enterprises is of major importance given the fabric of european business , which is mainly made up of small enterprises .
finally , this agreement reinforces our shared objective to promote and to protect fundamental rights in the european union .
. ( nl ) there are various reasons why the deva report has not received my support .
after the vote on the amendments :
the commission on budgets believes that incorporation should entail the development of a specific industrial policy against category three of the financial perspective .
question no 6 has been ruled inadmissible as it is similar to a question answered at the september ii part-session .
mr president , time and again this chamber has condemned terrorists and therefore it is needless to extend the rhetoric on this horrible phenomenon .
voting will take place at 5.30 p.m.
mr president , i want to use my minute to speak on paragraph 88 about the mep pension scheme and the way the contributions are paid .
quibbling over the clause in the treaty will resolve little , and change rests , in any case , on the same unanimity which has led to inaction up to now .
i will make this clear again during the talks with the american members of congress next friday in brussels .
. mr president , the european commission is gravely concerned about the sharp deterioration in the political situation in nepal since 1 february .
i should briefly like to take the opportunity to congratulate the vice-president of this meeting at the end of the debate of her first report as vice-president .
( explanation of vote abbreviated in accordance with rule 137 ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure )
the rapporteur argues that eurojust should be informed of any conflict that arises , even where it has been resolved bilaterally between the judicial bodies involved .
seventhly , the review clause : as with the previous one , this directive will also be reviewed in five years ' time .
we are now in 2008 - four years of delays unfavourable both to the employees claiming their rights and to the efficiency of companies and institutions involved .
these are complex legal issues. parliament should let the legal process run its course and allow the court to reach a proper decision .
the legislative and work programme i am presenting today therefore represents a major step towards better european governance .
9. european central bank ( 2006 ) ( vote )
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
mr president , i should like to make two quick points .
i must congratulate and thank the greek authorities for having finally agreed to fulfil their community duty .
b5-0480 / 2002 by mrs boudjenah and others , on behalf of the gue / ngl group , on human rights in egypt ;
question no 45 by robert evans ( h-0764 / 98 )
europe is in the process of losing another battle .
- ( el ) commissioner , allow me first of all to congratulate you on your efforts in this important international issue of climate change .
it is the member states who have blocked the proposal i have made in this field .
( the president cut off the speaker . )
so , the members who are absent but will receive a written reply , in the order in which the questions were submitted , are mr balčytis and mrs morkūnaitė-mikulėnienė .
thank you , commissioner. i apologise to the members who were not able to speak ; it seems that we ought to set aside more time for debates like this one .
however , the european arrest warrant , especially in the hasty and thoughtless manner in which it is being pushed forward :
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
car manufacturers must also provide information on the rate of re-use , recycling and recovery of used cars which will be achieved within the coming years .
the request has been recorded , mrs oomen-ruijten , and the letter will be written , but we cannot go any faster than we are already going .
b5-0384 / 1999 by mrs morgantini and others , on behalf of the gue / ngl group , on the situation of women in afghanistan .
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see minutes
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
i congratulate the rapporteur , mr ehler , for having called the attention of this chamber to a topic fundamental to the european union , namely , civilian and military cooperation .
we shall now proceed to the vote .
mr president , i shall make three observations and a final comment .
the next item is the commission communication " additional commission contribution to the igc on institutional reform : qualified majority for taxation and social security aspects of the internal market " .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
for cervical cancer , the pap smear has proved its worth. now we need the hpv alongside it. i very much support mr mussa 's amendments in this regard .
advertising and misleading information on products with a high fat , sugar or salt content should be banned ;
we have also been happy to agree to the insertion of a new recommendation on quality assurance proposed by parliament , which we feel reinforces the importance of these principles .
( the president cut off the speaker )
38. strategic goals and recommendations for the eu 's maritime transport policy until 2018 (
how can we now pull things together again ? how can we emerge not just healed but strengthened from the trials of the last few weeks ?
can the council , in its capacity as the union 's highest decision-making body , oblige the commission to disclose the report , at least to the swedish government ?
mr president , at the outset , i , too , would like to thank the rapporteur for his work .
please allow me to say one last sentence , madam president. the report again points out the importance of fighting child poverty , and we consider this to be extremely important .
i declare adjourned the session of the european parliament .
madam president , my apologies for not being clearer the first time i spoke .
consequently , we must take full advantage of the opportunities offered by the project and this can only be done if we realise that this is the right way forward .
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , indeed , our culture and media policy is about giving europe a soul .
thank you very much , josep borrell , for this report and for your untiring commitment .
finally , we can only support the suggestion of limiting or banning discarding into the sea for certain species , and we ask the commission to carefully examine this proposal .
the arrival on the french coast on 19 january of a group of 910 kurdish refugees clearly illustrates the growing involvement of networks of organised crime in illegal immigration .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11.30 a.m.
subject : absolute prohibition of conversion of fixed-term contracts into contracts of indefinite duration in greek public sector
if we are to be able to live together , we must understand each other better. to do so , we need to draw the benefit from our differences .
today we must be prepared to prevent the possible use of all kinds of military force in connection with the secession attempts of abkhazia and south ossetia .
[ com ( 2001 ) 711 - c5-0285 / 2002 - 2002 / 2145 ( cos ) ] .
that concludes the explanations of votes .
secondly , an agreement on cooperation and mutual assistance in customs matters. the agreement is ready to be signed .
in any event , there are three omissions in the report which we should like to mention so that they may be incorporated in the future if appropriate .
in writing . ( pl ) i am voting against mr schnellhardt 's report on the ' definition , description , presentation and labelling of spirit drinks ' .
is the commission preparing to abolish the visa requirement for citizens of the russian federation without having informed the member states ?
mr prodi , i address you in my capacity as president of this parliament ' s committee on fisheries .
so the answer to your question is yes. the commission is aware that such a problem exists , and in our forthcoming proposals we will try to address that issue .
5. protection of the euro against counterfeiting (
another important step will be the commission 's adoption of a proposal for a directive on environmental protection by means of criminal legislation .
for this reason , we have voted against the motion for a resolution .
the vote will take place tomorrow at noon .
the main messages of the court 's report are key for the commission 's own assessment of the way it assumes its responsibility in managing the eu budget .
there is also considerable international cooperation on forestry policy within the fao and ece for example and well developed international cooperation concerned with mapping forest damage in europe .
first of all , i think this directive is a first step and a good example of how the eu delivers concrete results , even in such a controversial issue .
five : social life and action should be decriminalised and anyone charged with political crimes by the army or the police should be punished .
ladies and gentlemen , i would like to announce , as agreed , the result of the ballot for the order of precedence of vice-presidents .
the vote will take place tomorrow , tuesday , 17 june .
the european union must do whatever it can to help ensure that calm and caution prevail. we must all be involved in this process .
report ( a5-0240 / 2001 ) by mrs almeida garrett , on behalf of the committee on constitutional affairs , on the amendment of article 3 of the statute of the european ombudsman [ 1999 / 2215 ( aci ) ]
finally , i would like to emphasise that investments and the deployment of ict solutions in the energy sector are key to the development of an energy-efficient , low carbon economy .
22. conclusions of the g20 summit
1. mobilisation of the european globalisation adjustment fund : noord holland ict / netherlands (
( written statement abbreviated in accordance with rule 120 ( 7 ) of the rules of procedure )
mr president , i should first like to thank mr arnaoutakis for his question on the ever topical issue of food safety .
we will not support the examples which i have cited or other political demands. however , we will certainly vote for the report presented by the rapporteur mr cornillet .
the next item is the report ( a4-0141 / 98 ) by mr scarbonchi , on behalf of the committee on transport and tourism , on the proposal for council regulations ( ec ) :
economic , employment and social policies are mutually reinforcing. economic development should be accompanied by efforts to reduce poverty and to fight exclusion and discrimination .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 9 a.m.
in conclusion , mr president , i should like to offer my particular thanks to all those colleagues who have taken part in this work .
i would inform you that i have received seven motions for resolutions , submitted pursuant to article 40 of the rules .
the vote will take place next thursday .
i understand that the physical preliminary draft budget is with committee secretariat , but that other copies will be available later this week .
our duty is therefore to ensure that these procedural guarantees are abided by in all member states .
i therefore voted against the report .
i have not been to nicaragua but christine oddy has and she has reported faithfully what she saw .
many now support the demand to put a stop to the female slave trade , but more is needed in terms of manpower , intervention by governments and concrete action .
report ( a5-0248 / 2001 ) by mr sérgio marques on behalf of the committee on regional policy , transport and tourism on the annual report of the cohesion fund 1999
we shall now proceed to the vote .
we now continue with the debate on the reports on cohesion policy .
subject : effect of accession on the eurozone
i hope , as do all my colleagues , that this meeting was useful and that the members of the delegation have a pleasant stay in strasbourg .
( the president cut off the speaker )
the overall budget for the european cohesion policy is a staggering eur 347 billion over seven years - larger than many economies , even .
the vote will take place today , at 12 noon .
mr president , i have voted today and my constituents can see how i voted today , so therefore , they should have the opportunity to have my explanation of vote today .
areas vital to the health of europeans certainly ought to be prioritised for intensified action and initiative by the european union .
– we shall bear it in mind , mrs ludford .
i voted in favour of the joint resolution tabled by the left , which was in line with the social movement and against unbridled globalisation .
thank you , mr vidal-quadras. i agree with you .
can the commission state what costs the new customs system will involve for the european economy ? mr henderson , i invite you to reply to mr rübig 's question .
mrs lulling is asking for the floor. do you wish to speak for or against ?
the problem is a serious one because , as mrs lynne 's report states , combating discrimination and human rights are priorities in the eu under article 13 of the ec treaty .
it has already been mentioned that the commission and the wto are carefully monitoring china 's progress in implementing its wto commitments and are utilising the opportunities available to us .
for all these reasons , i am voting in favour of the proposal allowing parliament to follow the council 's position .
question no 4 by birgitta ahlqvist ( h-0859 / 96 )
the next item is the joint debate on the following recommendations for second reading :
the commission has to tell us whether or not it is maintaining its proposal .
i have two comments to make , firstly on agriculture and secondly on the structural funds .
karamanou and klamt reports ( a5-0256 / 2001 ) and ( a5-0183 / 2001 )
in my view , it is , therefore , immensely important to exercise extreme vigilance over the water we all drink and , consequently , to study and approve the provisions referred to here .
what is involved here , mr president ?
( explanation of vote cut short pursuant to article 137 ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure )
the next item is voting time .
thank you , mr watson. we shall therefore act in accordance with the rules of procedure , as usual .
modification of the act concerning the election of the members of the european parliament ( debate )
– madam president , the reasons why we shall be voting against the candidature of mr barroso are very simple .
this ' sanctions ' directive fits into the eu 's strategy to combat illegal immigration , which includes the ' blue card ' promoting selective immigration and the ' return ' directive .
9. a paperless environment for customs and trade ( vote )
concerning the independence of the authorities , both the commission and the presidency have reaffirmed respect for the provisions of independence of the authorities , their chairs , executives and board members .
. mr president , i would like to reply to at least those members who asked questions and who are still present .
job creation is the overriding challenge for all of our governments. it is the single greatest concern of our electors , as you will be well aware .
– mr belder , on behalf of the group for a europe of democracies and diversities , on ukraine ( b5-0132 / 2004 ) ;
debates on cases of breaches of human rights , democracy and the rule of law ( announcement of motions for resolutions tabled ) : see minutes
( explanation of vote abbreviated in accordance with rule 137 ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure )
commissioner , i think that this matter illustrates the saying donner et retenir ne vaut .
i have voted in favour in order to support this consistent policy , which seeks to meet the needs of the outermost regions .
i believe in and call on the mobilisation of europe , on those citizens who reject this type of legislation .
this initiative is somewhat tardy , since other industrialized countries - such as the united states , australia and canada - have effectively adopted global strategies intended to reduce emissions .
to support effective innovation , there would need to be created an eu-wide strategy on immaterial rights. immaterial rights are of major importance for a company 's success and competitiveness .
would it not be a good idea if the commission , perhaps , were to write to the ipcc and suggest they get a new chairman , perhaps a tad better qualified ?
mr van den bos has the floor .
this is the message which i wish to convey and which i wish to impart to commissioner boel .
16. disclosure requirements for medium-sized companies and obligation to draw up consolidated accounts (
president of the commission . - first of all , i should like to congratulate cambridge university and your region .
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
the stated aim of the war was the elimination of weapons of mass destruction. no such weapons have been found , however .
7. protocol on the accession of liechtenstein to the eu / ec / switzerland agreement on switzerland 's association with the schengen acquis (
mr president , i speak on behalf of the committee on legal affairs and the internal market specifically on the european judicial network proposal .
24 . 2007 discharge : european maritime safety agency (
european microfinance facility for employment and social inclusion ( progress ) ( debate )
mrs oomen-ruijten requests the floor on a point of order .
agenda of the next sitting : see minutes
annual reports , evaluations by the commission , are not just a requirement but documents of material importance when it comes to setting the priorities for future research .
do not take it personally commissioner. it was just a general remark .
i have received nine motions for resolutions tabled pursuant to rule 40 ( 5 ) .
mr president , i wish to thank mr langen for his introduction .
mr president , i would just like to comment on the third point of the oral question this evening on airline bankruptcy .
what measures is the commission taking to secure acceptance of this social clause at international level , for example in the framework of the wto ?
the vote will take place at 5.30 p.m.
i hope that the majority of parliament will show that it is considerations of animal welfare that are crucial in connection with the transports .
it also says nothing about the thousands of people of russian origin who suffer discrimination and who are denied citizenship rights in baltic states that are eu member states .
there is only one proposal , but depending on how the house votes it may manifest itself in one of two ways .
thank you very much , commissioner van miert .
we set particular store on improving education and the free choice of scientists and other skilled workers to remain in their country .
‘ the supreme defence council examined , among other points , the question of a european military contingent being formed at the request of the united nations ’ .
( the house rose and observed a minute ' s silence )
this is a remarkable moment , a defining moment in the history of europe , and one in which we can all take considerable satisfaction .
( applause ) mr juncker , president-in-office , has the floor on behalf of the council of ministers .
the vote will take place on thursday 23 october 2008 .
we shall now proceed to the vote .
the statement by the commission on preparations for the g20 summit ( 26-27 june 2010 ) .
mrs van den burg 's report on amendments to certain disclosure requirements for medium-sized companies and obligation to draw up consolidated accounts is a good legal document .
recommendation by yannick jadot , on behalf of the committee on international trade
madam president , since a great deal has , of course , already been said about the lisbon strategy in this debate , i should like to confine myself to three points .
the next item is the statements by the council and the commission on the programme of activities of the hungarian presidency of the council .
conclusions of the eu / russia summit ( 31 may - 1 june ) ( continuation of debate )
i regret the commission 's decision to add decabde to the annex against the advice of its scientific advisors. i call on the council to oppose this proposal .
mr president , i do not want to repeat all the things that my fellow members who spoke before me have already expressed very well .
i should now like briefly to address these three aspects of security .
a5-0048 / 2002 by mr della vedova on tax policy in the european union - priorities for the years ahead ( com ( 2001 ) 260 - c5-0597 / 2001 - 2001 / 2248 ( cos ) ) .
. fianna fail and the uen group today do not support amendments regarding : -
council position at first reading : see minutes
madam president , firstly , i wish the swedish presidency every success in the knowledge that their success will certainly be europe 's success as well .
" expressing its regrets concerning certain paragraphs of the letter from the president of the people 's assembly of the arab republic of egypt on this resolution " .
that concludes question time to the council .
9. combating the sexual exploitation of children and child pornography (
the first item is the formal opening of the first sitting of the enlarged european parliament .
( explanation of vote abbreviated in accordance with rule 137 ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure )
is the commission aware of this situation ? could the commission explain to me what measures are going to be taken to solve this apparently unfair situation ?
a new strategy for afghanistan ( debate )
the next item is one-minute speeches on matters of political importance .
subject : performance of the automobile industry as regards co2 emissions
the rapporteur is asking to speak again , just before we congratulate him .
i therefore voted to abstain on this report .
i am expecting the council and commission to back the european parliament 's efforts to ensure necessary support for the millions of agricultural producers in the community .
i hope you have been reassured and that we can continue with the vote .
mr seppänen has the floor for a point of order .
mr haarder , it is true that nothing is to be gained from regrets , but neither is anything to be gained from avoiding consideration of problems and concerns .
the commission believes that the sanctions currently established by member states are not enough and that they do not guarantee full compliance with european union law .
finally , i would like to add my voice to those who plea that we do something realistic about energy savings in parliament buildings and in eu buildings in general .
ladies and gentlemen , thank you for your speeches .
i thank you for your cooperation and i look forward to an interesting debate .
question no 44 by richard howitt ( h-0488 / 98 )
commissioner , as a doctor specialising in sports medicine , the issue of drug taking worries me enormously .
the next item is the commission statement on democratic scrutiny under the development cooperation instrument
madam president , a brief question for mr poettering. mr poettering , what is the difference between a christian democrat and a european democrat ?
mrs oomen-ruijten , you know that this is not a point of order. it is a political position .
well , let us not have a theological debate .
no , if it is addressed to the commissioners it is not a point of order. you can only make points of order to the chair .
it is inadmissible that the credibility of the state institutions - the presidency , public attorney and others - be undermined by statements by the head of government .
combating the problem of seasonality , by offering other forms of tourism ( business , cultural , medical , sports , rural ) , whilst still protecting the heritage of our coasts .
membership of committees and delegations : see minutes
the next item is question time , with questions to the commission ( b6-0001 / 2005 ) .
mr president , commissioner , we have now reached the last item on the agenda and i hope that the crush of members will not now be too much .
i know it is close to the elections , but i would ask the commissioner to seriously consider trying to put something like that in place .
for the rest , resistance to antibiotics and traceability continue to be key issues which we will have to look into further .
question no 1 by arlene mccarthy ( h-0911 / 96 )
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
overall , though , commissioner , i believe we are on the eve of reform - as you made clear - and the estimates would then have to be clear .
do you wish to reply , mr commissioner ?
mr whitehead , i would ask you to repeat the last part of your question , which was not very clear .
- the next item is the council and commission statements on the 2010 progress report on croatia .
( sustained applause ) we are pleased to welcome them to this house on the occasion of commander massud ' s first visit to europe , at the invitation of the european parliament .
( es ) mr president , although it is merely an administrative issue for certain people , for others it is much more. we are talking about freedom .
i have received , at the close of this debate , six motions for resolutions in accordance with rule 103 of the rules of procedure . ( 1 )
on the same day the commission adopted a communication on a community immigration policy which complements our thinking on migration issues .
as representatives of the european union , we have to decisively oppose further repression and human rights abuses in syria , as we jointly stated in today 's resolution .
i therefore welcome the delegation from taiwan .
i am entirely willing to forward specific answers to the members who asked questions. i am unable to give those answers at present , for reasons which you will understand .
i believe there is broad agreement about these principles , as the debate has shown .
3. request for waiver of the parliamentary immunity of mr miloslav ransdorf (
in writing . - ( pt ) this agency was set up after nato 's attack on the former yugoslavia and manages the eu 's main ' assistance ' programmes in the balkans .
rapporteur . - ( fr ) mr president , i would like to thank all those who have spoken and all those who have contributed to the drafting of this report .
civil protection intervention also falls under the category of mainstreaming : based on new agricultural models and land-use planning that humanises urban and industrial growth ...
i hope that this desire for agreement , which took shape in december , is respected today by all our colleagues .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i would like to congratulate mr berlato and voice my support for his report .
subject : extension of the 1993 cable and satellite directive
. i have voted against the report on turkey .
taking a decision on body scanners in airports is a responsibility that we cannot avoid , ladies and gentlemen. we cannot wait any longer because the terrorists are not waiting .
as far as the budgetary resources for a europe of knowledge are concerned , we still want a significant increase. but no figures have been given .
thank you very much , minister. i am sure parliament will go on to consider the relationship between the institutions .
at the same time , i feel that the european union must continue to have an active , high-profile role in setting up and operating the un council .
please let us have respectful debate in this house. that is what this european union is supposed to be about - unity in diversity .
thank you , mr van velzen. commissioner bangemann , would you like to respond ?
6. eures activity report 2004-2005 : towards a single european labour market ( vote )
vice-president of the commission . - i agree with the honourable member. there is nothing more unfair than treating unequal groups in the same way .
the next item is four motions for resolutions on pakistan .
subject : energy , external relations and the economy under the czech presidency
let me remind group chairmen and colleagues that we have votes scheduled for later this morning. i should like to keep on schedule .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12.00 .
( the sitting was suspended at 1.25 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
on the subject of intellectual property , which is a very sensitive subject in the textile sector , recent years have been characterised by a veritable explosion in statistics .
i now put to the vote the request for withdrawal of the report by mr christodoulou .
i should like to inform the honourable member that media plus has no industrial aspect whatsoever. it is aid for the distribution of european films beyond national frontiers .
the president-in-office of the council , mr brown , has the floor .
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
like everyone else , i welcome the debate on the roma in the eu. i also welcome all roma as members of the eu .
( the president cut off the speaker )
in writing . - this report on rail passengers ' rights and obligations should be welcomed .
( cs ) mr president , the danube strategy is the second macro-regional strategy to support territorial cooperation where there are common characteristics and joint challenges .
let me continue in my mother tongue for some horizontal general concluding remarks .
mr president , i should first like to sincerely thank mr schwaiger and the committee on industry , external trade , research and energy for this excellent report .
after the vote on recital e
my second procedural point is that there is no legal provision for the involvement of heads of state in the codecision process .
mr president , honourable members of the european parliament , it is a pleasure as well as an honour for me to address your institution .
we have to respond by acting vigorously and making sure that we do not remain silent in the face of these atrocious crimes .
mr barroso , on behalf of the members from the slovak republic i wish you every success in your work at the head of the european commission. thank you .
every time madam president speaks on the basque country , she brings to this house the picture of sadness and pain , which is very regrettable .
i welcome the young men and women so distinguished , and wish them a pleasant stay in strasbourg .
. i will certainly bring mr harbour 's comments to mr michel 's attention .
the june list rejects this report and hopes that other members will do the same .
( b5-0346 / 2000 ) by mr collins , on behalf of the uen group , on iraq ;
what action has the commission now taken or is it proposing to take in this matter ?
the commission , which could act as a driving force , must provide encouragement using the resources it has available .
( the sitting was closed at 5.25 p.m. )
these conclusions and the commission communication will be discussed at the march european council meeting which will no doubt devote adequate attention to the events of the past weeks .
( the speaker agreed to take a blue card question under rule 149 ( 8 ) )
the commission will , naturally , be informed of the content of our debates .
section viii ( b ) – european data protection supervisor
recommendation for second reading ( a5-0171 / 2000 ) , on behalf of the committee on regional policy , transport and tourism , on
2. parliament 's new role and responsibilities in implementing the lisbon treaty (
the vote will be taken tomorrow at 9 a.m.
20. road map for renewable energy in europe ( vote )
the simplification of the legislation and its harmonised application are the main objectives that will doubtless be achieved by this regulation .
my condolences to the victims ' relatives .
the lfas equipment produces low frequency noise at 1 000 hertz and an average of 250 decibels to comb the seabed from hundreds of kilometres away .
the june list has therefore voted against the report .
i would like to make two further comments :
joint motion for a resolution on depleted uranium
( the president cut off the speaker )
the vote will take place on thursday at 12 noon .
we could continue to shut our eyes to the massacre of the forests , believing that we , europeans , have advanced systems of biodiversity and consumer protection .
. madam president , i thank the commissioner and mr fruteau for dealing so well with what is an extremely contentious and difficult issue .
that concludes the explanations of vote .
thank you , mr van den broek .
( fr ) mr president , ladies and gentlemen , climate change has already caused 300 000 deaths and will cause millions more in the future .
ladies and gentlemen , i respect your opinion. so please show the same respect for others. please continue , mrs green .
- ( fr ) after a deadlock sustained by the mobilisation of the public against software patenting , parliament declared itself in favour of the report .
according to the authors , this two-pronged approach is justified by the potential risk involved in issuing an irreversible claim at the outset .
my final point is addressed to the commissioner : for those who have food , there are many problems ; for those who do not , there is only one .
the next item is voting time .
mr president , i think that is acceptable .
ladies and gentlemen , i would like to draw the attention of vice-president swoboda in particular to this. i will read the introduction to the hungarian constitution in english :
access to documents from all the eu institutions must be made easier and improved so that every citizen can obtain an impression of their work .
( the president cut off the speaker )
we will be happy to incorporate mr patten ' s notes into the bibliography , as another bedside book for the members to bear in mind .
if you will allow me , i would like to use the speech i am to make next as an opportunity formally to welcome our colleagues .
i should also like to highlight three additional points :
in writing . - ( pl ) the report on combating tax evasion in relation to intra community transactions is a very significant legal act .
b5 ­ 0056 / 2001 by mr belder , on behalf of the group for a europe of democracies and diversities , on the visa regime in existence between georgia and russia ;
this aid will not be channelled through the government ; it will be implemented transparently and responsibly through un agencies and non-government organisations .
this summer , we received countless news reports informing us of two environmental disasters that struck two different countries , russia and pakistan .
i met the mayor of belgrade and visited with him a belgrade school being renovated under the european commission 's schools for democracy programme .
the case of sakineh mohammadi-ashtiani ( motions for resolutions tabled ) : see minutes
the council does not have any response to this question at this stage .
there is no point in paying lip service to disabled people 's rights. we have to continue the fight for all eu citizens , disabled or non-disabled , to be treated equally .
mr president , i must respond to mrs harms on this package as there seems to be an information problem between us .
( the president declared the common position approved )
mr president , my group opposes lifting the arms embargo , and thus we support the general line of not lifting the arms embargo on china now .
we are counting on constructive dialogue with , and the support of , the european parliament to make this operation a success .
could you please have your discussion outside of the chamber ?
i welcome in particular the rapporteur ’ s suggestion that a solution must be found to the problem of transferring unused quotas between member states , which would compensate portugal in particular .
our group voted against the miranda report because of its key element , that is , the discharge given to the section on the european parliament for the 1996 financial year .
mr president , i wish to thank mr dimitrakoupolos for his point with which i fully agree. we must certainly develop a more comprehensive policy towards iran .
in writing . - due to a conflict of interest , i abstained from all votes .
the attempt by the commission to eliminate discrimination between the member states in fleet access is laudable , but it is the fish stocks that lose out .
thirdly , do you think that the referendum is relevant to the debate ?
on croatia , president-in-office , i recommend that you hold open the door , but insist on full cooperation with the international criminal tribunal for the former yugoslavia .
the contribution of the european budget for 2010 to encourage economic growth , competitiveness , cohesion and job protection is a vital response to the recent economic crisis .
why is it that the least culpable are bearing the brunt of these proposals and other proposals that emanate in the name of conservation ?
the vote will take place on friday 24 april 2009 .
( the sitting was suspended at 5.05 p.m. and resumed at 5.10 p.m. )
14. fisheries and aquaculture in the context of iczm in europe (
mr president , this debate is about how we helped egypt. of course , i emphasise the need to also help our strategic ally , israel .
all these coordinated social policy actions will also help to combat poverty and social exclusion. i think that we should all welcome the arrival of this social policy agenda .
mr president , i would ask to be allowed to comment on some of what has been said here in the debate .
the statements by the council and the commission on a facility providing medium-term financial assistance for member states ' balance of payments .
is the council aware of organized child trafficking practices in west africa ?
i , too , wish to thank the president-in-office .
the vote will take place today at the end of the debates , that is to say in a moment .
' man 's habitual shortcoming is not to anticipate the storm during fine weather ' , said machiavelli. the european union must show that he was mistaken .
it is also regrettable that our proposal to repeal the stability pact and replace it with a new strategy for solidarity , development and social progress was rejected .
finally , i would like to support mr chatzimarkakis in his wish to use the premises we already have .
this distinguishes accredited assistants from other eu servants whose working conditions are based on the criteria of transparency , objective assessment and loyalty towards the institutions .
since 1997 , when the mad cow scandal was uncovered , parliament has been asking for animal feedingstuffs to be given the utmost attention .
i await eagerly an honourable outcome of the declaration from next week 's meeting of heads of state and government .
madam president , i would first like to thank mr oettinger for representing his colleague , mrs reding , in such excellent english .
the next item is the statements by the council and the commission on the situation in the middle east .
we propose the replacement of the death penalty with the deprivation of liberty .
i appeal to the rapporteur and other sensible groups to support the ppe-de amendments , which will make this proposal ambitious - yes - but also responsible and practical .
section vi economic and social committee and committee of the regions ( c5-0300 / 1999 )
( the commissioner declined to do so . )
i have received five motions for resolutions ¹ ( 1 ) to wind up the debate , tabled pursuant to rule 103 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
question no 13 by irini lambraki ( h-0771 / 96 )
before the vote on the draft legislative resolution
so let me conclude by saying that we must treat the córdoba summit as a last call for real inclusion of the roma .
in the commission 's own terms , the proposed health monitoring system is designed to :
i declare adjourned the session of the european parliament .
secondly , the problems with the application of the solution for the movement of people between kaliningrad and the rest of russia have been overcome .
( the sitting was closed at 10.45 p.m. )
council position at first reading : see minutes
the next item is the council 's and commission 's statements on social regulations in the treaty of lisbon .
mr president , i would like to thank the rapporteurs for their excellent work and express my full support for the report we are debating today .
this sincere statement causes the high representative to underline the importance of permanent , mutual consultation , thus making ' our efforts complementary ' .
thank you , mr wijsenbeek , your speech was at the limit of the procedural motion .
( nl ) the european parliament has rightly placed emphasis on a number of issues : guaranteeing access , net neutrality and better supervision .
council 's strategy for the bali conference on climate change ( cop 13 and cop / mop 3 ) ( debate )
i would first of all like to thank the rapporteur , mrs estrela , for her report and the effort she has put into this .
( the sitting was closed at 1p.m. )
as you know , this is a new type of debate , so i would thank you for your patience and cooperation .
if europe really wants to play a pioneering role in world climate policy , a great deal must first be done in europe itself .
b5-0358 / 2002 submitted by mr van den berg on behalf of the group of the party of european socialists on the situation in nepal ;
- oral question ( b6-0010 / 2004 ) by ilda figueiredo , francis wurtz , eva-britt svensson , miguel portas and sérgio ribeiro , on the ban on entry into portugal of ‘ women on waves ’ boat .
2. herring stocks in the west of scotland (
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see minutes
i should like to say , madam president , that my machine is not functioning and that i wish to vote for .
mr president , i want to propose a technical oral amendment to amendment no 28. i apologise for not spotting the technicality in committee .
irish farmers have always operated the highest standards of animal welfare. irish regulations on this issue are also strict .
if you do not mind , ladies and gentlemen , we shall not re-open the debate .
( the president cut off the speaker )
now i am going to answer your questions , because i have no desire to descend to your level .
debates on cases of breaches of human rights , democracy and the rule of law ( debate )
as the time allotted to questions to the council has elapsed , questions nos 18 to 33 will be replied to in writing ( 1 ) .
the reason why the data is collated ;
subject : regional cooperation in energy-related matters
( ga ) thank you all very much .
the vote will take place on tuesday , 9 february 2010 .
there are two basic issues here .
fourthly , we have secured agreement to place better emphasis on hazardous waste management , as several colleagues wanted .
eighthly , measures should be taken at european level if the countries of origin do not cooperate in taking back their own subjects .
the vote will take place at the end of the debate .
is there any opposition to adding spain to the list of those countries mentioned ?
mr president-in-office , if , as you said , you find the treaty of lisbon worse than the treaty of nice , why did you sign it ?
vice-president of the commission . - ( it ) madam president , ladies and gentlemen , thank you for your contributions .
i would point out that the president-in-office of the council has indicated his agreement with this amendment , because it may help him at the council .
( es ) madam president , i should like briefly to point out that i abstained from the vote on mrs thyssen 's report on the safety of toys .
while we generally encourage the consistent and effective transposition of eu law , we nevertheless considered that it was appropriate to abstain on this vote .
( the speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under rule 149 ( 8 ) )
( the president cut the speaker off )
dear vice-presidents and honourable members of this multi-national democratic forum ,
this is crucial for the chances of success of the accession negotiations. at present , this is the most important instrument at the council 's disposal , and we are using it .
the vote will be taken tomorrow at 12 noon .
in the minds of the best was to us also born ,
in conclusion i would like to thank the rapporteur , mr peterle , and all members for their support for the health strategy that we have developed .
the situation in the beekeeping sector ( debate )
on the whole , however , we believe that the content of the report is sound. we have thus voted in favour of the report in today ’ s vote .
( es ) madam president , i would like to draw attention to something that has already been said .
if we do not want to run the risk of new industrial conflicts and unacceptable dumping , we shall have to find a fast solution to these outstanding problems .
( parliament approved the agenda thus amended )
for all these reasons i support this report and appeal to my colleagues to do likewise .
the opportunities to cooperate are very real if the belarus leadership realises its obligations regarding freedom of the press , elections , the internet and other issues mentioned to us .
the new reform should have been an opportunity to clarify this point .
through a strong concept of universal service we shall succeed in maintaining certain principles that are dear to us , such as tariff equalization and universal access to the service .
the only problem was that instead of dealing with the main cause of all of these problems , these scandalous schengen agreements , our leaders are attacking their effects !
i would also like to thank mr colom i naval for the work that he has done relating to this matter .
the next item is the council and commission statements on the situation in iraq .
the candidates have informed me that they each accept their nomination as candidates .
( el ) mr president , the greek communist party condemns the new illegal imperialist war unleashed in libya by the united states of america , france , britain and nato .
i also think that the existence of the economic and social committee could be called into question. does the committee do a job which is worth the cost ?
( intervention cut short pursuant to article 137 of the rules of procedure )
the vote will take place on thursday at 12 noon .
the next item is question time ( b6-0012 / 2007 ) .
question no 5 by mr camisón asensio ( h-0213 / 97 )
i would like to ask you to observe a minute ' s silence in memory of our fellow member .
( a5-0243 / 2000 ) by mrs stenzel on malta ( com ( 1999 ) 508 - c5-0031 / 2000 - 1999 / 2029 ( cos ) ) .
we have finally done as you desired , mr varela , and i am glad : your report has been examined in full .
the vote will take place at 11.30 am .
we will continue to inform you and listen to your views on the major developments in this round .
the window of opportunity that we have for change in iraq will not be open for ever. let us make good use of it for the people ’ s benefit !
i welcome the spanish presidency 's position regarding the desire to continue opening negotiating chapters with turkey .
i have received seven motions for resolution pursuant to rule 37 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
the eu should demonstrate its full support for georgia , systematically increase cooperation and facilitate visa arrangements for georgians without delay .
- before the vote on amendment 29
mr fernández-albor , you need to pursue a more educational line , even though your european ardour agrees with us .
( the sitting was suspended at 8.25 p.m. and resumed at 9 p.m. )
by not respecting this guideline , the commission proposal clearly breaches the principle of subsidiarity and i therefore voted against it .
b5-0091 / 99 by mrs maij-weggen , mr van hecke and mrs grossetête , on behalf of the ppe group , on human rights and democracy in burma ;
act in accordance with your responsibilities and do not play with the lives of european citizens. prove with your vote that health is not a commodity .
the most important thing for the moment , though , is that quick and satisfactory help is immediately given to those people who are affected .
the vote will take place tomorrow at noon .
do the commission 's priorities include setting a maximum selling price for certain basic foods ?
mr president , in view of the present circumstances , i wonder whether it is worth visiting the country at this time .
declaration of financial interests : see minutes
i should like once again to thank the committee secretariat for its valuable help with my report and all my associates. thank you once again .
the socialist group would like to congratulate the commission on treating education as a priority in its political framework for combating diseases relating to poverty .
the next item is the vote .
i would ask that we observe a minute 's silence in memory of our late colleague .
this is why i voted against .
multilateralism also involves maintaining transatlantic relations. in the wake of the disagreements over the iraq war we now must look ahead .
mr president , my thanks to all of the speakers .
we welcome the fact , however , that some of the proposals we tabled were adopted , namely :
in writing . - the need for greater cooperation across member states is essential if we are to help eu citizens who require an organ transplant .
gdansk shipyard deserves a viable future by developing a new and sustainable position in the competitive shipbuilding industry of the eu .
as a french socialist , i cannot vote for the sarlis report , just as i cannot approve the european commission 's proposal .
in writing. sinn féin is unreservedly opposed to nuclear proliferation and welcomes the european parliament 's stated opposition today .
9. powers of the european banking authority , the european insurance and occupational pensions authority and the european securities and markets authority (
6. common organisation of the markets in fishery and aquaculture products ( vote )
( the speaker agreed to answer a question indicated through the raising of a blue card ( rule 149 paragraph 8 of the rules of procedure ) .
the minutes of yesterday ' s sitting have been distributed .
i put the matter to the house .
* the subsidy to eu political parties should be completely abolished .
europe cannot be left behind. it is time for reforms , imagination and integration. the fundamental priority should be to increase the potential for growth of our economy .
mr ford , i must tell you that the members here do take friday mornings seriously .
europe will not advance if in this area , minority policy , we do not adopt such an instrument .
we now continue with the debate on the statement by mr barroso , president – elect of the commission , presenting the college of commissioners and their programme .
this provides for proceedings to be conducted in the language of the particular decision ( i.e. of the court of first instance ) being reviewed , which we believe to be right .
i can also accept the idea in the second proposed paragraph of amendment no 47. all the amendments i have listed so far pertain to the first proposal .
our vote in favour is therefore further confirmation of the vocation and political choice of the italian right , with the primary objective of creating a real political europe .
the concept of europe is associated by spaniards with our desire for peace , freedom , democracy and prosperity .
i voted in favour of this report .
the president , without calling you impertinent , considers that the motion is not pertinent and asks that others do not use the floor in this way .
when will the question of visa-free access for hksar passport holders be considered by the member states ? furthermore , what are the attitudes of member states on the subject ?
as a result of the proposal adopted by the commission on 26 october , textile import quotas are going to be abolished from 1 january 2005 .
( the sitting was suspended at 7.20 p.m. and resumed at 9.00 p.m. )
debates on cases of breaches of human rights , democracy and the rule of law ( announcement of motions for resolutions tabled ) : see minutes
council positions at first reading : see minutes
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
draft general budget 2010 ( sections i , ii , iv , v , vi , vii , viii , ix ) - draft general budget 2010 ( section iii ) ( debate )
( sk ) we are talking here this evening about tens of millions of people .
the next item is the statements by the council and the commission : conclusions of the european council meeting ( 16 september 2010 ) .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 10 a.m.
those in brief are the specific measures available under the new financial perspective for the outermost regions .
with the i-2010 directive , europe has the vital role of meeting the target of making the information society accessible to all .
the debate is adjourned and will resume after the evening suspension .
ladies and gentlemen , we cannot start a debate on the subject , especially if the party concerned is not present .
mr president , i would like to congratulate my fellow member , mr vakalis , and thank the commissioner , mr dimas , for the hope he is giving us for the future .
( the sitting was closed at 9.15 p.m. )
it is precisely because we are in favour of promoting human rights , and in particular the observance of democratic elections , that we are abstaining from voting on this report .
mr president , thank you very much , mr president-in-office of the council , for your kind words .
mr president , mrs stihler is unwell and is unable to be attend. i hope you will forgive me for taking 30 seconds of her time .
the next item is the one-minute speeches on matters of political importance .
i congratulate mrs müller on her excellent report , which will have my unreserved support tomorrow .
11. misleading and comparative advertising ( vote )
madam president , thank you for giving me the opportunity to explain the way i voted on this report .
in writing . - ( pt ) the sustainability of fishery resources is essential for guaranteeing fishing activity and the viability of the fishing industry in the long term .
i welcome what the report says on establishing an integrated european action plan for the retail sector .
it is crucial that policy makers are aware of recent scientific developments , as these will allow them to make the best decisions .
the vote will take place on tuesday .
thank you , prime minister. that was the last debate in our series of reflections on the future of europe. the debate is now closed .
the conference of the parties to cites will once again have to adopt more crucial decisions to protect species threatened by over-exploitation , to which international trade could be contributing .
for these reasons , i was forced to vote against the motion for a resolution .
there is also the question as to whether the common text on which the groups agreed was put together properly and whether translations are available .
- ( fr ) congratulations ! once again , europe has shown its great sense of responsibility in taking an interest in crime victims .
( sv ) proper animal protection is a necessity in a modern society .
however , i see a further role for our member states , for our so-called ' mature democracies ' , and this is leading by example .
i am not going to speak about the fourth concern , which was solidarity. mr borloo gave the answer and the solution reached by the french presidency was very wise .
that is our message today to the other european institutions .
by voting for mrs scheele 's report , parliament has clearly stated its demand for the labelling of all products containing gmos , including products such as chocolate , for example .
i hope they will have the political courage , shortly before the coming european elections , to remain faithful to their current positions and views .
in view of both the general consensus regarding the common position and the technical nature of the amendments proposed by the rapporteur at second reading , i voted in favour .
nor do we like amendment 12. we prefer amendment 14. madam president , amendment 12 concerns the annual report ; it is completely daft and unnecessary and much too much work .
i hope that parliament and the commission will make the internal market for supplementary pension schemes a reality along these lines .
thank you very much , mr schüssel .
i have received a motion for a resolution to wind up the debate .
these are certainly important issues relating to food safety , but they should be left to national authority experts to take care of .
these are some of the detailed matters :
four : in industry , the commission should immediately propose a framework directive on fluorinated gases in order to reduce emissions in all sectors .
commissioner frattini has also convinced me of his expertise on natura 2000 .
following signature of the uruguay round , how much progress has so far been made in reducing tariff rates and removing non-tariff barriers in the developing countries ?
i should also like to observe that support for airports in thinly populated areas , at the expense of big airports , following the swedish model , should be allowed to continue .
( the president declared the common position adopted )
as the time allocated to question time is at an end , questions nos 17 to 41 will be answered in writing ( 1 ) .
from a financial point of view , this is balanced , and i believe that it will help the sector as a whole .
what measures can the commission , along with member states , adopt to ensure that a minimum level of investment in research and education will be guaranteed in the coming years ?
. mr president , the report by my fellow member , mr cornillet , illustrates the quality of the work done by the joint parliamentary assembly in 2005 .
we have received several requests for the debates on breaches of human rights .
approval of minutes of previous sitting : see minutes
membership for turkey will be a two-way process .
individual identification is essential for the effective tracing of animals for veterinary purposes , which is of crucial importance for the control of contagious diseases .
written declarations included in the register ( rule 123 ) : see minutes
8. charging of heavy goods vehicles (
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11.30 a.m.
madam president , i would like to start by thanking the committee on economic and monetary affairs , particularly mr rapkay , who has tabled this excellent motion for a resolution .
thank you , and best wishes for your german course .
we will see , however , which is why we have the commission looking at this. it is going to be interesting .
motion for a joint resolution on the third asia-europe meeting
in writing . - ukip is not against protecting investors but it is against the imposition by brussels of protection measures as part of ever more regulations .
question no 53 by kathleen van brempt ( h-0818 / 02 ) :
( the sitting was suspended at 10 a.m. and resumed at 11 a.m. )
there is an accession perspective , but accession will only come about when all the criteria have been met .
32. deforestation and forest degradation (
member of the commission . - ( el ) madam president , i thank all the speakers for their very positive contributions .
please support this report and support the work of young people in europe .
. ( da ) the danish social democrats today voted for the three reports indicated .
chairman and colleagues , we welcome you to the parliament .
on behalf of the ppe-de group . - ( de ) mr president , i , too , wish to thank mrs wallis for having made some important points .
implementing measures ( rule 88 ) : see minutes
however , i do not agree with voting against him .
the recommendation for second reading by mr goerens , on behalf of the committee on development , on a financing instrument for development cooperation [ 16447 / 1 / 2010 - c7-0424 / 2010 -
- thank you , mr ryan. i have not been particularly strict , because we actually have a little more time than is stated in the rules .
i declare the session of the european parliament adjourned .
thank you , mr killilea. we will not be entering into a debate on this matter. your explanation will appear in the minutes .
( for the results and other details on the vote : see minutes . )
the development of the pact programme heads in that direction and i welcome , in particular , in the proposal for a council regulation , the implementation of arrangements for :
no , mr callanan , it would be crazy not to raise our ambitions !
before the end of 2002 a portal to provide smes with legal information , guidance and advice will be set up .
13. community code on the rules governing the movement of persons across borders ( schengen borders code ) ( implementing powers conferred to the commission ) ( vote )
people do not forget history , they relive it. i therefore want the european parliament to take an initiative to recognise the memory of the genocide of the turkish greeks .
in writing . - i voted for this request for consultation of the european economic and social committee on eu-chile relations .
ec-argentina scientific and technological cooperation agreement
madam president , the president-in-office of the council spoke about the need not to point a finger of blame , but i think it is time for some intellectual honesty .
b5-0090 / 2002 by mrs sanders-ten holte and mrs dybkjær on behalf of the group of the european liberal , democrat and reform party ,
. mr president , i shall explain some of the key points that may be of interest to members of parliament , in particular the amendments tabled by this parliament .
composition of committees and delegations : see minutes
on behalf of the uen group . - ( pl ) madam president , i too would like to thank mr özdemir for his excellent report .
i should like to end by complimenting the rapporteur , mr de melo , on his excellent work on this report .
mr president-in-office of the council , i am truly grateful for your full answer to this question on the programmes which , as you have pointed out , have been implemented .
- ( b5-0508 / 2003 ) by mr di lello finuoli , on behalf of the gue / ngl group , on indonesia / aceh .
i hope that the council will be characterised by responsibility and solidarity , and thereby give an enormous boost to public confidence in europe .
i can therefore inform you that my group is going to vote for the hernández mollar report .
in writing . ( sv ) we swedish social democrats have voted in favour of report on granting discharge to the european parliament for 2005 .
question no 3 by mr papakyriazis ( h-0509 / 96 ) .
the next item is the statement by the commission on the situation in iraq .
mr falconer wishes to speak on a point of order .
. – madam president , this short series of questions shows the variety of topics on which the commission has been active in the field of competition .
i shall now take the various issues which have been raised , and there are quite a large number of them. i will try and link them where i can .
the serious problem we have is that all that european union aid , those many millions of euros , is being channelled by means of pakistan .
i ask this parliament to support those amendments to ensure that we safeguard our fish stocks and fishing communities for the future .
it also limits the use of misleading descriptions which could lead people to assume that light cigarettes are safer , while the opposite seems to be the case .
commissioners , we impatiently await your responses .
the commission shares parliament 's opinion of the importance of this issue , particularly since in europe the telecommunications world is constantly undergoing rapid and revolutionary changes .
4. world day against the death penalty (
is it satisfied with the financial controls and monitoring of the programme ?
my question is : have you ever considered giving some leadership and quitting the bad habit and encouraging your senators to follow suit ?
mr president , that was my one-minute speech. i wanted to use the remaining time to explain once again what it was i wanted to say earlier .
4. obsolete council acts in the field of the common agricultural policy (
the next item is the joint debate on
- before the vote on paragraph 17
– we have proposed that the following be inserted at the end of the first sentence of paragraph 5 :
madam president , i would firstly like to thank mr milana for preparing this comprehensive report for us .
that is what the presidency had to say , on behalf of the council , on the problems relating to the 1994 budget .
can the commission demonstrate whether liberalisation has affected safety ?
( fi ) mr president , i voted in favour of this budget and it is , of course , clear that if we in parliament have budgetary power , we should exercise it .
mr president , given that we are at the end of the parliamentary term , i would like my draft legislative resolution to be put to the vote also .
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting
the vote will take place tomorrow , friday , 24 april 2009 , at 12 noon .
with demagogic arguments and false accusations , the group of the greens / european free alliance is tabling amendments against this regulation .
the current hike in food prices , and especially in the prices of food commodities such as cereals and oilseeds , is primarily due to natural disasters in russia and australia .
( fi ) mr president , the cohesion and structural policies are extremely important tools with which to even out disparities in europe .
in my opinion , there was absolutely no need for any discussion within the college of commissioners because there was no new interpretation , nor did anything new arise .
. mr president , you know very well the sad story of the many north koreans seeking asylum , and the latest case is now in thailand .
commission statement on incentives for vegetable protein production .
i should like to thank you in advance , high representative , for bearing these messages , especially this evening .
finally , we look forward to structures that will allow us to address genuine areas of need wherever they may be located .
the next item is the commission statement on gm / opel : current developments .
the report contributes to raising awareness on the need for responsible advertising to combat unfair commercial practices in advertising and to respect consumers ' personal data and privacy .
thank you , commissioner , that was very clear. i thank all those who took part in the debate. i should also like to thank all the interpreters .
we are also currently examining how we can most effectively implement the proposal for a classification system for documents , made in paragraph 50 of mr van hulten 's report .
parliament has done its part and will continue to do so. let the commission and the council do theirs ! mr whitehead has already pointed them in the right direction .
mr president , i have abstained from the vote on the present bushill-matthews report because i disagree with some of its recommendations .
i would like to welcome the delegation of australian members of parliament who have just taken their places in the vip gallery .
before telling italy what to do , the parties involved in this villainy should set their own house in order .
2. mobilisation of the european globalisation adjustment fund : germany - redundancies (
( loud applause. uproar on the far right )
i voted against mr onyszkiewicz 's report with a proposal for a european parliament recommendation to the council on the new eu-russia agreement .
mr president , before we proceed to the vote , i should like to hear commissioner fischler 's acceptance of what mr mayer just said .
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
so citizens should be bold and fully exploit this great new experiment in post-national democracy .
( es ) mr president , if we are talking about effectiveness so much , there can be no doubt we are convinced we have a serious problem of effectiveness .
b5-0102 / 01 by mr dupuis , mr pannella , mrs bonino , mr turco , mr dell 'alba , mr della vedova and mr cappato , on behalf of the tdi group , on kosovo ;
an international force is needed to support those who are in difficulty in chad , but it should really be a united nation 's force .
( for results and other details of the vote : see minutes )
i declare the session of the european parliament adjourned .
. mr president , i read this report with great interest , since it quite rightly highlights a number of very specific problems relating to women ’ s health .
in writing . - ( de ) the report grants the european parliament more powers in the area of conferred competences. i have therefore voted in favour of this report .
madam president , i refer to rule 112 on the quorum. i would like to ask that the quorum be established .
( the president cut off the speaker )
– mr president , in recent years we have witnessed the deterioration of the political , social and health situation in zimbabwe .
( b5-0480 / 00 ) by mr van den bos , on behalf of the eldr group , to the council , and ( b5-0481 / 00 ) to the commission , on the eu-tunisia agreement ;
better integration of the transport infrastructure with vehicles and between vehicles ;
a leaving party will be held in due course .
thank you very much for your cooperation , mr liikanen .
we have therefore abstained from voting on these reports .
( parliament decided not to vote on the amendment )
mrs nicole fontaine mrs laura gonzález álvarez mrs heidi hautala mr mário soares
unfortunately , and unsurprisingly , the guidelines for 2007 give tangible form , in budgetary terms , to the eu ’ s policies of capitalist competition , liberalisation , interference , militarisation and securitarianism .
finally , we regret the council 's inability to reach an agreement on the eur 5 000 million for energy interconnections and rural broadband .
lastly , it is indeed crucial to enhance , encourage and assist the entrepreneurial side of industry , always seeking economic effectiveness at the same time as social and human effectiveness .
15. financial management and control of eu agencies (
ladies and gentlemen , we ask you to respect our position , which must first and foremost guarantee the security of our own citizens .
9. discharge 2005 : section viii b , european data protection supervisor ( vote )
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
before the vote on the draft legislative resolution
agenda for next sitting : see minutes
could you advise on this amendment 's admissibility in the light of this massive extension of eu powers ?
2. somalia : routine killing of civilians ( vote )
the luxembourg presidency has had many notable successes. for me , the most important have been the convening of the jobs summit and the agreement on the enlargement process .
therefore , we must start to be coherent in our intentions or we will be indulging in fine theoretical discourses which have absolutely no substance outside this chamber .
your request will be passed on to the president , who will certainly also put it to the conference of presidents .
if we wanted the reform to enter into force before next year , we still had some time available to better complete our work .
- ( es ) mr president , president obama 's election has ushered in a historic time for the united states , the special importance of which is widely felt and shared in europe .
we all hope that you will succeed in defending europeans ’ interests on this occasion .
membership of committees and delegations : see minutes
the vote will take place today at noon .
the next item is the report by mrs beer , on behalf of the committee on foreign affairs , which contains :
that is an indication of where we have got to as of now ; there will be much more to come .
4. the provision of quality , affordable structures for child care. in large romanian towns kindergartens cover less than 70 % of parents ' demand .
( de ) ' the neuengamme association has always opposed equating national socialism with stalinism . '
signature of acts adopted under codecision : see minutes
mr president , on behalf of my group , the group for a europe of nations , i should like to support this joint request .
24. immunity and privileges of alessandra mussolini ( vote )
the development of information and communication technologies is currently imposing greater demands upon the teaching profession since the educational environment is becoming more and more complex and varied .
i congratulate mrs mănescu and mr luhan for the excellent reports they have presented , which will provide significant added value to the future of the cohesion policy .
compliance with the obligations of flag states - civil liability and financial guarantees of shipowners ( debate )
we shall provide all the elements which you want. i will pass on your request to my colleagues , mr marín and mrs bjerregaard .
madam president , i will start by answering in chronological order the questions on human rights as put by the members .
. mr president , the commission takes note of the position taken by parliament today on this issue .
questions 48 to 87 will be answered in writing .
if monitoring shows that progress is not adequate , further actions , including a possible regulatory approach , will of course need to be considered .
mr president , i should like to ask commissioner bjerregaard :
we have to consider all the options in order to make disarmament happen. it is by far the most important prerequisite to get the peace process back on track .
the next item is the vote .
citizens expect actions and not just words from the union .
the proposal now before us is a result of that desire and also of the wishes of the agriculture ministers .
the vote will take place after the debate .
we shall now proceed to the vote .
thank you , mrs kinnock , for that intervention , which i will very much bear in mind .
( the sitting was suspended at 12.50 p.m. and resumed at 3.00 p.m. )
my vote in favour of the rothe report on renewable energy is based on a national and regional reference framework , which i take the opportunity to emphasize .
i support the rapporteur on amendments nos 111 to 114 on game , which propose the analysis of residues not resulting from the actual hunting process .
( the sitting was suspended at 1.05 p.m. and resumed at 3.00 p.m. )
review of the hungarian presidency ( debate )
b5-0264 / 2000 by mr medina ortega and mr fava on behalf of the group of the party of european socialists ;
subject : iran and the development of a nuclear capacity
the committee on employment and social affairs decided to call on the member states to introduce secure legal status and a secure package of rights to support this development :
( the speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under rule 149 ( 8 ) )
in short , we are largely satisfied with the proposal as it is now before us and will endorse it accordingly. i hope that our governments will follow suit .
mr president , i suppose that the total absence of the council must be a mark of respect so that we feel more comfortable during our own debates .
that is why we should increase the protection offered to vessels of this type .
don 't worry , mr hallam , we will put the mistake down to the machine and the minutes will show that you voted correctly .
commission 's position on the amendments tabled by the parliament :
the next item is a statement by the commission on dialogue with churches and non-denominational organisations .
mr president , i beg your attention for a few seconds , because the wording of this oral amendment is different from the one on your voting lists .
and , of course , britain should leave the european union as soon as possible .
thank you , commissioner. the debate is closed .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 : 00 noon .
we agree specifically however with paragraph nos 19 to 27 ( competitive economy and employment ) and nos 29 to 34 ( environment , public health and combating organised crime and drugs ) .
madam president-in-office of the council , you have the floor if you wish .
we will include this in the minutes , mr maccormick .
fourthly , on the digital agenda , the commission fully agrees with the importance of promoting a truly integrated digital internal market .
the individual commissioners ' acceptance of their personal responsibilities and commitment to work closely with parliament show they understand the new environment within which the commission will have to operate .
indicators other than merely gdp being used to measure the degree of cohesion achieved ;
the vote will take place on 7 july 2005 .
i am also conscious that we are looking towards a health check for the cap in 2008 and , in parallel with that , a review of the financial perspectives .
how can we help the indian government to stop this violence and how can we make sure that the eu aid after the floods also reaches the dalits ?
4. situation of disabled women in the european union ( vote )
your comment , however , is really very interesting. when we re-examine our working methods , we can make provision for other , similar facilities with regard to interventions by members .
you have the floor , for a question to the commissioner .
first : a large number of drivers have managed to obtain their licence to drive through illicit activities. the government did not respond adequately when this was uncovered .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen. it is done ; we have a budget ! and that is why i should first like to thank the rapporteurs .
similar considerations would apply to excessive debt , and here i would suggest giving priority above all to measures designed to educate and inform consumers .
the ball is now in the eu 's court .
question no 11 by mr deva lapses as it appeared on the agenda of the present part-session. mr deva has been informed of this in writing .
( the sitting was suspended at 1.30 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
our partner countries have to improve the efficiency and quality of their education systems and , as regards donors , a flexible attitude toward financing mechanisms is necessary .
it is logical to take this step now , for inclusive reasons , but not make it a permanent change ; to revert to the present numbers in 2009 .
subject : mass arrests at the amsterdam summit
i therefore do not see his activity in this case as a positive and i have therefore voted against this report .
mr fischler has just told us that he would welcome france ' s requests. i am pleased to hear it .
the vote will take place today at 11 a.m.
the next item is the debate on six motions for resolutions on burma / myanmar . ( 1 )
the next item is the statement by mr barroso , president-elect of the european commission .
the commission cannot accept amendments 1 , 4 , 6 , 8 and 10 .
. i welcome and endorse the motion for a resolution on the future of the european textiles and clothing sector .
security policy , development policy , environmental policy , human rights policy – these are the four pillars in which we need to make progress .
mr president , the main objective of the proposed directive is to achieve a good marine environmental status .
we shall now proceed to the vote on topical and urgent subjects of major importance .
in particular , the protection of minors must be implemented at national level. broadcasters of programmes must take responsibility for the protection of minors .
mr president , i wish to move that the sitting be suspended until the commission does us the honour of joining us in the chamber .
i think that your comments , which were also a complaint , should be carefully considered. i hope that you will receive a positive response .
another point is health and safety and that is going to be very important in the near future , especially in relation to the new member states .
i call upon all european union institutions to defend georgia with a stronger hand than ...
mr president , could you verify whether there are 40 members here , because it is very difficult to tell ?
i have received four motions for resolutions , pursuant to rule 40 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure .
over the years , his activism protecting human rights has been an inspiration to many other human rights advocates , inside and outside cuba .
the head of state is the chair of this body .
in order to understand the importance of trade for european development one must look upon it as a network . , a sort of link between agriculture , commerce , industry and tourism .
could the country to hold the presidency predict at this stage whether it will agree to discuss own resources with parliament ?
subject : implementation of the dayton agreement
decisions concerning certain documents : see minutes
with regard to the budget and annual appropriations , we agree with the rapporteur ' s position and fully support it .
for god 's sake , this is a 19-year-old we are talking about !
i would stress that women are particularly vulnerable to acts of discrimination at work , above all as regards their maternity choices .
i welcome the excellent initiative on the part of the rapporteur and give it every support on behalf of my group .
it is simply unacceptable that women in the eu earn on average 15 % less than men. as a governing body , we must do something to correct this injustice .
the debate is closed. the vote will take place on wednesday , 25 november 2009 .
mr president , our group has not difficulty voting for this report and we would like to thank and congratulate mr willockx again .
in conclusion , ladies and gentlemen , the commission has no difficulty in welcoming parliament ’ s amendments , which reflect the compromise negotiated between our three institutions .
the june list is voting against this report , as taxation must be decided nationally and sovereignly by the member states .
on political prisoners in serbia and instability on the borders of kosovo .
for this particular sector , we have specific legislation. this is the directive concerning the processing of personal data and protection of privacy in the electronic communications sector .
the question as to how to choose between cohesion or competitiveness , equality or efficiency has recently arisen. my brief answer is to choose both , in due measure .
in essence this is simply another manoeuvre to try and once again resuscitate the rejected and doubly defunct proposed treaty .
malaysia- b5-0433 / 2001 by patricia mckenna , on behalf of the verts / ale group , on detention without trial under the internal security act ( isa ) in malaysia ;
a huge task therefore awaits us. we welcome a policy that is essential to the european union .
that is a contribution to social security in the european union .
b5-0214 / 2003 by mr kreissl-dörfler and mr van den berg , on behalf of the group of the party of european socialists , on human rights in guatemala ;
in response to mr smith 's further question , i shall bring this research directly to the european commission 's attention .
in writing . - ( pt ) i voted for the hegyi report , since i believe it is necessary to improve the protection and promotion of wilderness areas in europe .
the third major priority for the coming year is economic policy .
european power should be wielded by the intergovernmental structure formed by the council of ministers , supervised by parliament as the representative of the people .
fourthly , there should be just one community initiative for social policy , today 's employment .
the next item is one-minute speeches under rule 150 .
we will of course support this proposal but only with the amendments which the greens have also tabled .
the proposals fail to take into account cultural differences which , in other circumstances , we would be seeking to encourage .
action taken on eib annual report
preparation of the european council to be held on 10 and 11 december 2009 ( debate )
many lives are depending on these actions .
what role has the council assigned to the european parliament with regard to the formulation of the new export control policy and practical implementation of the relevant rules ?
we need to move forwards , not backwards like crabs. europe must not hide when it is needed most .
mr president-in-office of the council , you must now take the right decisions to guarantee a decent income and a future for our farming families .
. i voted in favour of the report by mrs mastenbroek ( a6-0033 / 2004 ) on safer use of the internet and new online technologies .
we do not see these as contradictory but rather as establishing a limit beyond which we do not wish to go .
the next item is the one-minute speeches on matters of political importance .
as they deal with the same subject , the following questions will be taken together :
tax relief for capital and new taxes for the workers within the framework of the development of european union regulations .
question no 7 by mrs stenzel ( h-0219 / 97 )
the vote will take place tomorrow .
17. statistics on foreign affiliates ( vote )
i will get back to you on the detail when i have had a chance to study the matter .
i declare the session of the european parliament adjourned .
brok report ( a5-0340 / 2000 ) and lalumière report ( a5-0339 / 2000 )
18. governance and partnership in the single market (
report ( a5-0094 / 2002 ) by mrs morgan , on behalf of the committee on budgetary control ,
the vote will take place tomorrow at 9 a.m.
the proposed amendment is appropriate and the committee on agriculture and rural development ’ s favourable opinion should be supported by parliament .
thank you mr van dam. i do not know where you were when you discovered that .
mr schulz would like to speak against the proposal .
first-reading agreements must , therefore , be rare and the exception , and only exceptional circumstances deserve such an exceptional response .
decisions concerning certain documents : see minutes
' speed up further integration of ukraine 's transport infrastructure , in particular ports and waterways , into the european transport network ' ;
9. agreement between the ec and the former yugoslav republic of macedonia on short-stay visas ( vote )
i hope that , between us all , we can reach this agreement .
but human rights are universal , and the situation in tibet is a legitimate concern for the international community , a point that we regularly make to our chinese interlocutors .
in short , we cannot be satisfied with this new distribution of appropriations which destabilises the priorities of the european union in developing countries .
b5 ­ 0395 / 2001 by ms muscardini and mr segni , on behalf of the uen group , on press freedom .
question no 48 by carlos bautista ojeda ( h-0781 / 02 ) :
firstly , as mr straw said himself : ‘ abolish export subsidies ’ . i sincerely hope that he was saying this on behalf of the council. a round for free ?
b5-0097 / 99 by mr watson and mr van den bos , on behalf of the eldr group , on human rights violations in togo ;
lastly , we do not support amendment no 17 as it does not conform to the usual rules or formulation of regulations and is considered to be redundant .
in writing . - europe is not ready for the challenges posed by our demography .
madam president , once again we are debating the crisis in the middle east .
palestinian prisoners in israel ( motions for resolutions tabled ) : see minutes
we will make a note of that. someone once said ' i am their leader , i must follow them ! '
14. dam infrastructure in developing countries (
in accordance with the rules of procedure , questions nos 41 to 44 will be replied to in writing ( 1 ) . we will begin with the 20 minutes for mr liikanen .
the answer to that question is yes. there is currently a ban on exporting hazardous waste , including to third countries , that is to say non-eu countries .
( the president cut off the speaker )
does anyone wish to speak against the request ? yes , please , mr schulz .
the statements by the council and the commission on immigration ,
i note that the english is the authoritative version and , as i said earlier , we will ensure after the vote that all language versions are correct .
i should like to suggest that in future , when he makes one of his passing visits , we ask the visitors ' service to show him his seat !
( the president cut off the speaker )
madam president , may i thank the minister for his reply .
- ( sv ) i cannot support the resolution because i do not support the demands for common defence or for a common tax policy .
third : the social partners must provide training actions to raise awareness of equal opportunities and this issue must always feature on the negotiating agenda .
enforcement of civil and commercial judgments
the vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.
i voted in favour of this report , which will help to improve the europe for citizens programme , with the two following amendments :
thank you very much , mrs mowlam .
this is yet again an illustration of the much talked about squaring of the circle .
mr almunia is present for this purpose , replacing commissioner ferrero-waldner , who is in luxembourg .
many of the new member states have adopted target dates and strategies for adopting the euro , thereby giving concrete form to their political commitment through firm convergence policies .
i thank those who have contributed to the debate .
mr president , i would like to express my surprise at both the content and the advisability of the resolution pertaining to safeguarding law and order in albania .
( the president cut the speaker off )
mr president , honourable members , commissioner ferrero-waldner , many thanks for this very interesting debate .
in spite of that , the report contains a host of proposals for a tourism policy at eu level .
) mr president , it is clear that there is no single answer to the difficult problem of unemployment .
without wishing to set a precedent , because we are not going to continue the debate , i am going to give the floor to mr cushnahan for a clarification .
( the president cut off the speaker )
third : when does he expect the matter to be finally and satisfactorily resolved ?
( parliament rejected the motion for a resolution )
( the president cut off the speaker )
therefore , the citizens will determine through the ballot box whether or not there will be new majorities , which is something i would hope everybody knows and accepts .
thank you very much , mr moorhouse .
fifthly , we do not know the results of the tests of the second generation schengen information system , and parliament must be informed .
– the next item is the joint debate on three recommendations for second reading , on behalf of the committee on the environment , public health and consumer policy .
subject : participation of libya in the forthcoming euro-mediterranean conference in stuttgart will the european union make it possible for libya to participate in the forthcoming euro-mediterranean conference in stuttgart ?
2. uganda : the bahati bill and discrimination against the lgbt population
we request that the foreign ‘ minister ’ should not chair the corresponding council and that , on the contrary , he should have clearly demarcated responsibilities .
( the president declared the common position approved )
mr president , like others , i welcome this debate and this directive and i thank our rapporteur .
i commend this agreement most warmly to parliament .
subject : transport subsidy for volvo , umeå
i cannot vote in favour of such a report .
the next item is the council and commission statements on floods in europe .
finally , millions were spent on ' liquid on planes ' without serious debate. in the present case we must invest in the safety of children. we need to do so .
but , with mrs gradin 's help , we will continue our work .
we are going to ask the commissioner whether he can be present at tonight ' s debate .
all things considered , i am happy with this outcome and thank my fellow rapporteurs and shadow rapporteurs most warmly for their cooperation .
mr president , this well-researched report shows us - in addition to all its conclusions - that , once again , the first casualty of war is truth .
eu action plan to combat drugs ( continuation )
on freedom of the press in the federal republic of yugoslavia .
mr president , i feel that it is perfectly legitimate for the european union to equip itself with common rules whenever we introduce competition into local public services .
there is one clear message to the terrorists in this report : have no fear of the european parliament. we are your safe haven and we will never catch you .
thank you , mr carnero gonzález. i believe that the house would join you in hoping this .
the equivocation demonstrated by many members here on the cloning issue evidently stems from two ( historically linked ) fallacies :
finally , we must enable fishing communities to diversify .
if we manage to correctly use such revenues from auctions and only as an environmental instrument , we will avoid penalties under an international agreement .
again , thank you to all those involved .
i trust that the governments of the european union meeting this week in cardiff will back the moves by the british presidency to get this reform under way .
( bg ) madam president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , during today 's debate it appears to be the general consensus again that the cohesion policy is a necessary and useful policy .
( the president cut off the speaker )
so i have no hesitation in voting in favour of the report .
subject : political representation of greece in the committee of the regions
question no 35 by esko seppänen ( h-1204 / 98 ) subject : euronews
i think it is also important to establish efficient cooperation with regional and local authorities with responsibilities relating to tourism .
i have nothing to say other than to ask the honourable member to put his question to the commission .
- ( sv ) on 8 december 1999 , the european patent office approved ' by mistake ' patent no ep 69 53 51 concerning the genetic manipulation of human cells and embryos .
the european union 's collaboration with non-governmental development organizations has , for many years , been a cornerstone of europe 's international cooperation policy .
the next item is the vote .
i have been employed , and this parliament has put its trust in me , until 1 november. and i intend to carry out my duties fully until 1 november .
the vote will take place at midday tomorrow , tuesday , 15 february .
subject : eu export subsidies for agricultural produce
( the sitting was closed at 4.25 p.m. )
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
mr verheugen , i would invite you to reply to mr watts ' question .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
i have seen what has happened in public and before the whole parliament , and i am quite happy .
the european council unanimously proposed mr barroso 's candidacy .
the commission can accept amendments 28 , 29 , 30 and 31 .
we also welcome the following key stances :
in this context , any european central bank profits should not , as proposed , be paid into the community budget but accrue to the member states ' budgets .
decisive is the way in which the european union participates in the international instances , like the world trade organization .
mr president , you raised many issues that our group is committed to , including democracy , fundamental human rights , peace , and a multipolar world .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
this is further confirmation of the fact that there are no grounds for considering the people 's mujahedeen a terrorist organisation .
the 8 million richest people in the world have a net fortune equivalent to 80 % of the gdp of all the countries in the world .
the raising of the milk quota can be seen as the beginning of phasing out the quotas as the eu milk quota system is due to expire in 2015 .
another very important issue is that of vulnerable people and their issues , especially women , and problems relating to family matters and reunions. congratulations also to the rapporteur .
mr happart has the floor for a point of order .
i hope our vote in favour will help make it possible to make good the deficiencies and improve the text as soon as the opportunity arises to revise it .
we already had a parliamentary arena here , and now we have a lion in it .
i too forgot my card , and i would have voted against. i therefore consider that the oral question may be kept on the agenda as per the vote .
as i finish , let me stress this : the environment depends on what we do collectively ; the environment of the future will depend on the actions that we take now .
the delegation is headed by mr alfredo atanasof , a member of the argentinian parliament and chairman of the mercosur joint parliamentary committee .
furthermore , does the commission consider that it would be more cost-effective and efficient if eu agencies and authorities came under the commission for administrative purposes ?
- why is there an international alliance and ‘ desert storm ’ when saddam hussein attacks kuwait and just a few paltry announcements when israel attacks syria ?
voting on these will take place on wednesday at 12 noon .
i suggest that we suspend the sitting for a few minutes while we wait for the council representative to arrive .
we share the rapporteur 's view that harmonisation is needed to create a fully functioning internal market for those with copyright protection .
( the president cut off the speaker )
this is a further important reason for supporting the report .
nigeria- b5-0109 / 01 by mrs kinnock , on behalf of the pse group , on the application of sharia law in certain nigerian regions ;
3. dangerous substances and preparations ( dichloromethane ) (
in order to be able to do this work , the investigation must continue and i would therefore say once again that we must support this report .
i believe that the european institutions can work together in this aspect , and we hope that the commission can indeed help to resolve this deadly and longstanding conflict .
during negotiations on this important issue with three rotating presidencies , the goals we wanted to fulfil were as follows :
( it ) mr president , ladies and gentlemen , biodiversity indicates a measure of the variety of animal and plant species in the biosphere : it is the result of long evolutionary processes .
i would stress that these remarks are not addressed in particular to mr rosado fernandes , who now has the floor for three minutes .
we do not think that mr ben ali has ever been invited to the european parliament. but , anyway , he will not come now - mercifully .
the community must be allowed to ratify the relevant international agreements as soon as possible. that is the purpose of the regulation we have voted on today .
it is also very important that when candidate lists are compiled for the european elections , they can also contain as many female as male candidates .
president of the portuguese republic . - ( pt ) mr president of the european parliament , mr president of the european commission , ladies and gentlemen ,
the authors of this report intend to pronounce 1997 ' european year against racism ' .
( the sitting was suspended at 1.34 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
decisions concerning certain documents : see minutes
mr president , mr president-in-office of the council , ladies and gentlemen , the last european council was a council of practical results .
in writing . - satellite navigation systems should ensure interoperability between different systems and should also allow intermodal use in passenger and freight transport services. therefore , i voted in favour .
the report that we are voting on today will cause difficulties .
however , ladies and gentlemen , before voting i would like you to ask yourselves a few questions :
i would ask that these things be investigated fully and that we should all be given full and honest information .
i am very satisfied that this report can be approved and that it will be an effective tool for resolving this serious problem which affects many people .
finally , i wish to stress the importance of a credit rating agency being registered by a competent authority and its validity throughout the whole eu .
( the president cut the speaker off )
what progress does the austrian presidency hope to achieve on the basis of the biomass action plan and the strategy for biofuels put forward by the commission ?
we have decided to abstain in the vote on this report since a proposal intended to support the horticultural industry with ecu 60 million seems unreasonable .
there does not appear to be a great tradition of considered europeanism in europe .
( the president cut off the speaker )
madam president , in order to make up for my forgetfulness , i should like to introduce gender mainstreaming into my two amendments to the resolution on poverty .
mr president , the fact that my seat is directly opposite yours has not helped me to attract your attention from the start , but never mind .
there has been much criticism of the kremlin in this chamber. however , there always need to be two parties to an agreement .
in addition , amendments 5 , 13 and 34 cannot be supported. they refer to tests that have not been successfully evaluated in randomised controlled trials .
mr president , as the 1997 commission demographic report showed , the eu 's population pyramid is changing and we must be prepared for the consequences it may entail .
so , for both economic and political reasons , we urge approval of this agreement .
the next item is the vote .
23. establishment of residue limits of pharmacologically active substances in foodstuffs of animal origin (
madam president , with its 200 million inhabitants , indonesia is the biggest muslim country in the world and it plays a leading role in south-east asia .
( the sitting was suspended at 16.05 and resumed at 16.15 )
other amendments are superfluous in view of provisions in force or proposals planned for 2003 and we cannot therefore accept them .
impact and effectiveness of the single market
mr yiannitsis , i am very grateful for your cooperation with us throughout this afternoon and we will see you for question time next month in strasbourg .
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
the next item is the commission presentation of the preliminary draft budget for 2002 .
in this respect , the cohesion policy , along with the common agricultural policy , is a priority area in view of the negotiations on the new post-2013 european union budget .
madam president , through your good offices , i should particularly like to say good morning and welcome to mrs baldi and her substitute .
i wish to comment here on some of the financial provisions relating to agriculture and fisheries .
so it now turns out , mr president , dear friends , that the bush administration sponsors war between civilisations .
the remainder are mostly provisions for which the commission itself is responsible and which will be drafted and amended over coming months , taking account of your recommendations .
11 amendments are acceptable in principle and subject to redrafting : amendments 4 , 12 , 16 , 17 , 18 , 39 , 41 , 45 , 46 , 49 and 54 .
as i said earlier , and as i repeat once again , the high representative , baroness ashton , has made this a personal priority .
now we need the european union and national governments to take heed of these words and turn fine sentiments into forward steps .
- secondly , which european legislation will apply and
our objective is to liberate the market , since its potential is crucial to the economic growth of the community and to job creation. today it is stagnant .
the vote will be tomorrow at 11.30 a.m.
as to the first question , i fully agree with the importance of the remark and the issue itself .
8. coordination of certain of the member states ' provisions on television broadcasting ( vote )
to sum up , there is only a problem with the council. there are no problems with the other six institutions .
on the basis of mr oostlander 's explanation , would the house please decide whether the term fyrom should be used .
ladies and gentlemen , that comment was not directed at any one person in particular. now that i have made it , mr rocard has the floor for two minutes .
. – i am voting for this report .
the fourth approach is of mutual interest and relates to shared property rights over discoveries and patents obtained through joint economic input .
this report , otherwise not all that bad , might usefully have included a paragraph on the treatment of opposition parties which do not toe the accepted line .
subject : visa requirements for people entering the eu from countries which have a special relationship with the member states of the union
the vote will take place at 12 noon
i am also referring to the combating of counterfeited products , which damage high-quality production as well as technical and craft-based knowledge assets in the sector .
no matter the nationality , we have to make europe without internal borders a reality and ensure equal treatment for all europeans .
we shall now proceed to the vote .
indeed , the first victim of protectionism would be the single market. that is why we must , through action , through dynamism , through initiatives , oppose these protectionist attempts and temptations .
the consequences will include reductions in programme budgets , less investment in the wider economy in wales , and broad-reaching loss of jobs connected to programme management and project delivery .
( b5-0375 / 2000 ) by mr sakellariou and mrs krehl , on behalf of the pse group , on chechnya ;
i put the request for urgent procedure to a vote .
we were delighted to give our support to amendment no 2 , which is an excellent example of how short sea shipping and inland navigation can be combined .
i am faced now with the problem of having to address two different subjects at the same time. i will start with mrs morgantini 's motion for a resolution .
mr president , like mr lehne , i too would like to congratulate mrs palacio vallelersundi on the work she has carried out to produce a balanced report on this issue .
( the president cut off the speaker )
on the mediterranean , there have been five meetings at ministerial level to follow up the barcelona conference : on computer systems , culture , energy , industry and tourism .
in any case , the president of the commission is asking for the floor and i must give it to him as he has been referred to .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
( the sitting was closed at 11.40 p.m. )
i voted in favour of this report .
in this respect , as pointed out by parliament and by members already , it is important that examination of the seven proposals of the third maritime safety package is accelerated .
mr president , although strictly speaking rule 9 does not provide for this , i would like to declare an interest in relation to the four reports on the telecom package .
5. rights-based management tools in fisheries (
( the sitting was suspended at 8.28 p.m. and resumed at 9.00 p.m. )
commissioner , our farmers will once more have to make efforts to adapt. any changes that do take place must be accompanied by realistic transition periods .
i should like to ask the commissioner if the commission has prepared any documents or actions in this regard .
the european union has an important role to play in the peace process , as all sides - palestinians , israelis , their arab neighbours and the united states - have acknowledged .
i must emphasise , however , that , amongst other aspects :
the protection of markets and workers , as contributors to the wealth of our country and our continent , is imperative , but the european union , as ever , opposes that idea .
honourable members of the chinese national people ’ s congress , you will be aware that dialogue between europe and china is of crucial importance in terms of continuing globalisation .
mr president , my amendment , which has now been accepted , was to be added to paragraph 16. we still need to vote on paragraph 17 .
could the council give an assessment of the progress , or otherwise , being made through their policy of ' constructive engagement ' with the military regime in rangoon ?
the next item is questions to the council ( b6-0331 / 2005 ) .
mr president , mrs péry , mrs diamanopoulou , i would like to start by thanking mrs péry for the clarity with which she outlined the council 's proposal , which i fully support .
in this regard , naming this year the year of intercultural dialogue sounds almost like a mockery .
i have received two motions for resolution ( 1 ) tabled in accordance with rule 103 ( 2 ) / 108 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure .
specific emission targets for alternative fuel vehicles will be incorporated , aimed at promoting further deployment of certain alternative fuel vehicles in the union market ;
1. adopts its position at first reading , taking over the commission proposal ;
we trust that the commission and the council will accept it .
in conclusion i would like to thank each member for their contributions to this very interesting and focused debate .
( applause from the left , protests from the right )
the vote will be taken tomorrow at noon .
i note your observation , mrs oomen-ruijten. next time , we shall try to make an even more explicit announcement. it does , however , seem to me to be quite clear .
fourth r & d framework programme
i believe that the eu must retain conditionality as a basis for budget support. this will help guarantee respect for human rights in developing countries .
finally , i would like to thank the european parliament delegation for its passionate , very discerning work in the conciliation committee .
the question of turkey 's accession to the eu is also a sensitive matter in our political group , many of the members being german and french conservatives .
mr president , i would like to propose an oral amendment to this amendment to add the word ' european ' before ' referendum ' , so it would then read ' european referendum ' .
thirdly , the policy requires the serious development of a european defence policy , the development of european union military structures and the development of the european defence industry .
what are you going to do ?
i will now give the floor to mr ceyhun , who will speak in his capacity as rapporteur and on behalf of the group of the party of european socialists .
( the minutes of the previous sitting were approved )
lastly , few women own land and few are in farm organisations. that needs to be addressed .
spirits will , therefore , be in keeping with the new technical requirements , and particularly with the rules and standards of the world trade organisation .
they are led by mr mario zubović , who has just concluded the tenth meeting of the eu-croatia joint parliamentary committee .
mrs ibrahim , we stand shoulder to shoulder with you in rejecting this cruelty and our rejection will be total .
mr meyer , we talked about this matter yesterday. however , i would ask you to express your concern in writing for the quaestors .
mr president , first of all i would like to congratulate my colleague mr lisi for the excellent work that he carried out on this subject , which is so sensitive .
this report has highlighted many important humanitarian aid issues and is a welcome step in the linking relief , rehabilitation and development , where parliament has always been supportive as well .
texts of agreements forwarded by the council : see minutes
starting as you do with the vote on amendment no 5 , amendment no 2 can then be added - they are not mutually exclusive .
for the eu , we expect a detailed copyright proposal and a thorough impact assessment which the european parliament will review , analyse and scrutinise on behalf of our citizens .
despite these strong objections of mine , it is my judgment that it is better for these interregional association agreements to be entered into than for them to be prevented .
finally , the commission will report on the implementation of the local border traffic regime two years after the entry into force of the regulation , proposing modifications if necessary .
we believe , madam president , having seen the documents before us today , that the european institutions are still a long way from giving priority to the public ' s safety .
we roundly condemn any form of totalitarianism and , at the same time , underline the importance of remembering the past. this is an important element in our history .
i should like to thank all the speakers in the debate so far. we are now going to suspend the sitting for our chicken dinner .
the european citizens ' initiative can change this. it will enable citizens to say directly : we want this , we do not want that and this must change .
b5-0656 / 2002 by mr mann and mr posselt on behalf of the group of the european people 's party ( christian democrats ) and european democrats on the human rights situation in tibet ,
before the vote on the draft legislative resolution :
madam president , in this case i urgently need a broad consensus , so i will take another tone in this debate .
mr mulder i will give the floor exceptionally to you because i understand you have been carrying out the work on behalf of the chairman of the committee .
i hope that the report will have a good result and will help everyone , without exceptions .
member states should also use structural funds in order to develop the infrastructure of their regional airports .
b5-0918 / 2000 by napoletano and others , on behalf of the pse group ;
however , it has again proved impossible to integrate the weu into the european union or to expand our trade policy further .
the loosening up of procedures , making it possible to engage in enhanced cooperation ;
thank you very much , mr president , ladies and gentlemen , and thank you especially to mr gil robles for the swiftness with which he prepared this report .
my fellow members mr nassauer and mr swoboda have already raised this question. i do not believe you will win the public over again like that .
the vote will take place on thursday .
( b5-0165 / 2002 ) by mr wiersma and mr van den berg , on behalf of the group of the party of european socialists , on the political situation in moldova ;
may i say that in fact two speeches have just been made in the chamber ...
‘ europe still consists solely of small countries. the only relevant distinction that remains is that some countries understand this , while others still refuse to acknowledge it ’ .
5. rules on aromatised wines , aromatised wine-based drinks and aromatised wine-product cocktails ( recast version ) (
15. situation in the beekeeping sector ( vote )
yes , that is how we always proceed. the house is now fully in the picture .
( es ) madam president , baroness ashton , ladies and gentlemen , the central factor in this overly broad debate should be the situation in north africa and the near east .
10. considerably limits the present derogations for cement kilns .
just give us one answer , what is your timetable , when do you want our answer ?
the eu should still speak with one voice and operate more strategically when it comes to addressing important human rights topics , such as the abolition of the death penalty .
parliament ’ s 2005 budget earmarked appropriations for the implementation of the equipment purchasing policy .
we shall now proceed to the vote .
mr papayannakis , is this on a point of order ? well then , go ahead , let us have it !
the fishing communities of castelo de neive , matosinhos , setúbal , areosa , peniche and caminha are in mourning ; i would like to join with them with my speech here today .
i therefore suggest , madam president , that the conference of presidents examines what significant political action we would be advised to take in this matter .
this takes up the suggestion in your report of a high-level group to tackle european supervisory arrangements .
the confidence of our consumers cannot be decreed , it must be won .
nevertheless , we are ready to accept the amendment by parliament , which we believe will also be adopted by the council next week .
will this help international trade or will it reduce international trade , if it has an impact ?
the vote will take place on wednesday , 24 october .
the vote will take place on wednesday at 12 : 00 .
moreover , the vast majority of the autonomous communities have now reprogrammed their financial frameworks , except for andalusia , estremadura and castile la mancha - what a coincidence !
3. conservation of stocks of highly migratory species ( vote )
( parliament agreed to accept the oral amendment )
as the author is not present , question no 50 lapses .
today , we voted in plenary on the recommendation on harmonised conditions for the marketing of construction products .
montenegro - ec / montenegro : stabilisation and association agreement ( debate )
the regulation demonstrates a completely unbalanced approach to environmental and industrial development .
please , commissioner , think again about those amendments. i am sure that the members of the fisheries committee and general morillon , in particular , would be most grateful to you .
it is in the interests of the people to bury the ' constitutional treaty ' and the eu itself once and for all .
i declare the session of the european parliament adjourned .
( b5-0477 / 00 ) by mr wurtz , on behalf of the gue / ngl group , to the council , on the human rights situation in tunisia ;
the june movement does not , in fact , wish to see a european constitution that will take precedence over the national constitutions .
thank you very much , mr commissioner .
- ( fr ) the gravity of the european commission 's plans in this field have been made all too clear by the large mobilisation of information technology users , inventors and innovators .
in my view , the eu should be built on intergovernmental cooperation. such cooperation excludes a common defence. consequently , there should be cross-border cooperation to prevent conflicts .
we shall proceed to the second part of this question time , during which commissioner barnier will reply .
the vote will take place on thursday at 12 noon .
it is in this context that i should like to emphasise two aspects :
the vote will take place tomorrow ( tuesday 15 june 2010 ) .
practice of the profession of lawyer
we cannot forget that it is precisely small arms that are responsible for nearly the entire sum of deaths in conflicts taking place across our world .
5. eu strategy towards belarus ( vote )
the vote will take place at 11.30 a.m.
for the eu arrest warrant , and the proposed eu evidence warrant , to work successfully , there must be a level playing-field in respect of rights of suspects across the union .
the sitting is suspended at 13 : 45 and shall resume at 15 : 00 .
in writing . - ? ( ro ) mutual recognition is the cornerstone of judicial cooperation at european level and any clarification of the instruments for enforcing this principle is welcome .
i shall answer all the questions in the order in which they were asked .
only at this price and under these conditions are we able to protect our traditional tropical products .
mr president , i would like to thank you for your endeavours and wish you a happy christmas .
i give the floor to mrs malone on a point of order .
... we are a very long way from achieving the objectives set in 1999 by the tampere summit for bringing this field within the community system as such .
the vote will take place on thursday .
madam president , my colleague mr franz fischler will join us and reply to those of you whom i shall not have the opportunity to hear .
i therefore support parliament 's maintaining of the initial funding allocated to these areas .
( the house rose and observed one minute 's silence )
( the sitting was suspended at 1.25 p.m. and resumed at 3.00 p.m. )
therefore , in future , any advertising of the price or energy efficiency of refrigerators , washing machines or cookers must indicate the product 's energy class .
the next item is question time ( b6-0019 / 2005 ) . we shall now take questions to the commission .
mr azzolini , you know that mistakes are not acknowledged after votes .
– the debate is closed .
mr president , madam commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i should like to raise four questions which i regard as fundamental in this debate :
mr president , i join others in wishing portugal every good wish for a successful presidency .
the president replied that the vote was confirmed
mr posselt wishes to speak on the rules of procedure. i know what he is going to say , as the issue has been raised before .
( the sitting was closed at 6.55 p.m. )
mr telkämper , that was more like a declaration than a point of order !
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 : 00 .
in writing . ( sv ) i support the resolution because we believe that russian interference in what happened in estonia is very serious and is unacceptable .
the commission reserves its institutional rights in this regard . '
subject : competition law and public property
only yesterday , mr barroso said , ‘ i hope that the heads of government will answer the question : do they have the political will to find european solutions to european problems ? ’
the next item is the commission statement on foot-and-mouth disease .
subject : the di roberto report on cyprus
integrate immigration policy into the union 's relations with third countries .
. my reasons for supporting this report are many and deep. for most people in society violence against women is abhorrent , but we know it exists .
mr sumberg has the floor for a point of order. i would ask you not to spend too long on points of order .
the next item is the debate on six motions for resolutions on russia .
they do not accept that , in these countries , one language should not be promoted at the expense of the rights of speakers of another language or other languages .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
in this instance , the fund is being used to assist approximately 900 workers made redundant in the automobile sector in france .
european smes which are leading in the development of the alternatives have proved that rapid phase-out of remaining ozone depleting substances promotes sustainable industries and additional ozone layer protection .
forwarding of texts adopted during the sitting : see minutes
there must never , never be torture in chile again ! with the forthcoming signature of the eu-chile framework agreement president frei will testify to that .
however , we welcome the fact that the negotiated proposal enables the european parliament to evaluate and influence the projects .
these are my reasons for voting in favour of the report .
mr president , in these circumstances , an own-initiative report and all this confusion , i propose that it be returned to the competent committee and that they do the work properly .
the commission actively continues to seek a final consensus .
the oral question - b6-0458 / 2008 ) to the commission on the international tropical timber agreement 2006 , by helmuth markov , on behalf of the committee on international trade .
i am not going to take part in decisions on amendments which have been proposed at the last minute before voting in parliament .
fourth , we will introduce clear and transparent procedures for all interested parties in the setting or modification of mrls .
it is an honour to be here , mr president , and i thank you .
transparency , too , must also be improved , especially transparency for the population .
mr president , the committee on budgetary control welcomes the report by mr gil-robles gil-delgado and mr tsatsos and congratulates the rapporteurs on it .
after the vote on floods in greece :
i fully support the document proposed by mr nassauer .
first , the proposal to increase the financial resources that the european union grants to burundi , notably on the occasion of the mid-term review of the tenth edf .
the vote will take place tomorrow .
does the council still feel that the european union 's goal of keeping the global temperature rise to 2 ° c is likely to be met ?
quite apart from that , let me say how grateful i am for the customary warm , close and good cooperation with mrs barsi-pataky .
we did not want a negative vote to prevent the progress of this report , thus taking into account the desire of many of the trade unions .
mr fruteau , mrs kinnock , mrs carlotti , mr van den berg and mr scarbonchi , on behalf of the pse group , on the situation in madagascar ( b5-0305 / 2002 ) ;
( the sitting was closed at 11.00 p.m. )
the vote will take place tomorrow , thursday , at 12 noon .
b5-0349 / 2002 , by mr andrews , on behalf of the union for europe of the nations group , on the situation in drc ( massacre in kisangani ) ;
as a result , i cannot support this text and i dare not contemplate the hostile reactions in my own country , some of which are already evident .
quality standards designed to ensure that the information supplied is up-to-date , accurate and reliable ;
( the president cut off the speaker )
these are the four cornerstones on which we should build the mandate : i think we are on the right path , but we must not lose sight of this outline .
. the 2002 annual report on equal opportunities is relevant to the eu ’ s objectives. we have noted , however , a number of shortcomings in the report .
stabilisation and association agreement with the republic of croatia
the danish social democrats have today declined to vote in favour of the tsatsos report for the following reasons :
10. electronic communications networks and services (
are these expulsions by the russian authorities compatible with the international obligations of the russian federation in respect of human rights and freedom of religion ?
strongly opposes and refuses the proposal by the dutch presidency to delete sexual orientation , age and handicap from the anti-discrimination article put forward by the irish presidency .
subject : subsidy to volvo cars ghent / eu rules on state aid
the next item is the continuation of the debate on the 2001 budget procedure .
because in all this , we should never lose sight of who comes first and who we do all this for : the european citizens .
commissioner , allow me to thank you for being both brief and to the point .
i regret that the topic of subsidiarity is substantially missing from the feira resolution. on that account i did not vote for it .
finally , i wish you an excellent trip to new zealand next month , and please make sure that your ipod does not contain any illegally downloaded material !
there is a serious and immediate need for compensation for the victims. however , there is an even more serious need for a different policy .
commissioner , earlier you said that you had not received any suggestions and that you were waiting for proposals , and so on .
membership of committees and delegations : see minutes
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
they are pursuing more room for manoeuvre in the budget for ' emergency situations ' . this is a step towards satisfying the emergency needs of capitalism .
can the commission confirm that it is preparing such a proposal and that it will adopt it with the utmost urgency rather than awaiting completion of another dossier ?
. the following points were adopted in plenary :
com in processed fruit and vegetable products
i look forward to seeing parliament 's amendments and thank you for this very interesting and stimulating debate .
the minutes of yesterday ' s sitting have been distributed .
( the president cut off the speaker )
statistics for trade between member states
what i was saying was that this issue does not fall within the formal remit of the council , as it is not a competence of the eu .
indeed , mr de clercq , we shall do that if the amendments are adopted .
we will encourage further change in turkmenistan through dialogue and partnership , not by isolation. therefore i generally support better relations between the eu and central asian countries .
( the sitting was suspended at 9.48 a.m. and resumed at 10 a.m. )
i am therefore delighted to vote for this significant report .
this is a very important report and every effort needs to be made to improve the situation in order to gain public confidence .
mr president , i would like to refer to a regulation regarding the labelling of genetically modified products .
the common position we are now discussing demonstrates europe 's wish to step up its protection of endangered species by controlling trade in them .
i take note of your requests for further funding in the areas of unemployment , transport and the environment , to add to our ongoing efforts .
mr president , commissioner , ever since the quota system was abolished last year , imports from china have , as has been mentioned , spectacularly increased by around 500 % .
therefore , we are of the opinion that this constitutes an infringement of the rules of procedure - which not even the conference of presidents may disregard .
if , for example , a large industrialized country invests money in industries that are clearly no longer competitive , mr caudron , i cannot help it ...
the information given to consumers must be as clear as possible and as legible as possible , while avoiding increasing the number of categories .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
we have nevertheless decided to support the report including most of its proposed amendments and can only regret the vagueness with which the report has been put forward .
the next item is questions to the commission ( b4-0901 / 97 ) .
for example , on the minimum number of member states , we should also more closely reflect the type of procedure foreseen in the treaty .
we need to tackle these problems at the roots and extend public health policies to other areas if we really want to fight cancer in europe .
( the president cut off the speaker )
at the end of this week , i am going to lampedusa and malta to look at the practical requirements and at how the union can offer its support .
( ga ) mr president , in general , i am in favour of this budgetary support for developing countries , but to be honest i am somewhat doubtful about its effectiveness .
for all these reasons , we voted against this report .
new initiatives have already been undertaken for the implementation of the strategy. allow me to mention three examples :
the oral question ( b5-0004 / 2001 ) by mr miranda , on behalf of the committee on development and cooperation , to the commission , on bangladesh .
( the oral amendment was not accepted . )
annual report and statement of assurance by court of auditors for the 1996 general budget
the vote in favour of codification does not alter this opinion in any way .
8. draft amending budget no 5 / 2006 ( vote )
furthermore , citizens will not need to have their rights interpreted. instead , they will have the right of access to documents in order to determine for themselves what is important .
finally , the report of the committee of inquiry was severely damaged by the failure of the british minister for agriculture to attend and give evidence before the committee .
the vote will take place today at 12 noon .
the minutes of 9 september 2010 have been distributed. are there any comments ?
we shall proceed to the explanations of vote .
i put the request for the elles report to be referred back to committee to the vote .
this is what we are asking of you , mr fischler , and i hope that you will be able to meet our expectations .
after the roll-call vote on amendment no 2
because the european union is so naturally diverse , it must be able to apply differing taxation systems. we accept a minimum standard , but eu regulation must end there .
for these reasons , i voted against the resolution .
i trust our amendments will receive positive approval tomorrow and then we can look forward to the future with our new coins !
mr president , i should like to thank the commissioner for a very clear and convincing message and i see that we share the same concerns .
so , mr buşoi will take the floor after ms grabowska .
i think i should ask the men , not the women .
as one of the authors of this resolution and a member of the delegation , i would like to thank parliament and my colleagues for supporting the resolution .
( for results and other details of the vote : see minutes )
in 2004 , the commission awarded a contract to the swiss institute of comparative law ( isdc ) for a study on gambling services in the internal market .
thank you very much for your words , mr president. i am sure your presence here today has satisfied our expectations .
has his dismissal anything to do with the ' mad cow ' crisis ?
question no 3 by james nicholson ( h-0390 / 98 )
it seems to me , mr graefe zu baringdorf , that the commissioner has already expressed his opinion ; however , i invite him to speak again .
our group fully supports the amendment , which is why we have also tabled it .
framework agreement ( c5-0349 / 2000 ) on relations between the european parliament and the commission
let me just examine a few points briefly .
that is why we have voted against .
in my view , this has been his greatest contribution .
19. urban dimension of cohesion policy (
the neighbourhood policy must also be reoriented towards assisting the democratic transition , supporting the economy , and strengthening relations with the other countries and organisations in the region .
mr president , i have a statement rather than a question. the vote was not unanimous because i did not vote in favour .
thank you , ladies and gentlemen , for listening to my own statement and this second statement which the conference of presidents asked me to make .
the next item is question time ( b6-0475 / 2008 ) .
13. prevention and correction of macroeconomic imbalances (
the next item is the vote .
6. financial regulation applicable to the general budget of the european communities ( vote )
amendments , in particular amendment no 19 , reducing the threshold for labelling authorised gmos from 0.9 % to 0.5 % ;
as they deal with the same subject , questions nos 14 and 15 will be taken together .
conclusions of the eu / russia summit ( 31 may - 1 june ) ( debate )
( the president cut off the speaker )
it is this unbelievable series of breaches and failings that we should have penalised today by refusing the discharge , in order to avoid this happening again .
furthermore , the community policy focuses on the needs of the poorest countries and poorest people , with particular attention to women , orphans and children in conflict and post-conflict areas .
madam president , i would be extremely glad to rectify that. it was an involuntary omission .
thank you very much , mr martin , for your interesting views .
thank you , mr helmer. as far as i am aware , when i got up this morning i was still female !
the vote will take place today at 11 a.m.
we will make the necessary amendments , mr macartney .
subject : sale of drugs via the internet
i have heard from several people and i take very carefully into account what our rapporteur has said .
the agreement expressed by the european council on 15 and 16 october is a start , but it is not enough .
finally , the commission believes that transparent and safe electronic money products would make the change to the single currency easier , particularly during the transition period .
mr president , i congratulate mrs smet on her report. i should like to concentrate on two specific categories : junior doctors and fishermen .
subject : loya jirga and afghanistan 's future
mr president , i would like to give colleagues a short update on where we stand on this important proposal .
it is quite a sad matter for the european union that cuba is the only country in latin america with which there is no cooperation agreement .
the vote will take place on wednesday at 12 noon .
school fresh fruit scheme ( amendment of single cmo regulation ) ( debate )
but we do not want enlargement on any terms , regardless of its nature , nor do we accept the high and mighty attitude the european union has been deliberately adopting .
i ask you now to observe one minute 's silence as a token of our respect and sympathy for the innocent victims of these attacks .
the next item is the joint debate on two reports , on behalf of the committee on research , technological development and energy :
it can be contested under rule 167 , by moving the inadmissibility of a matter , but this has to be done twenty-four hours before the debates .
i have spoken with the rapporteur about it and he has agreed to our tabling this amendment .
b5-0559 / 2002 by mrs boumediene-thiery and others , on behalf of the verts / ale group , on executions and stoning in iran .
5. adoption by cyprus of the single currency on 1 january 2008 ( vote )
transitional arrangements for bilateral investment agreements between member states and third countries ( debate )
will we still be able to verify whether security requirements are truly being applied after adoption of this document ?
1. negotiations on the eu-moldova association agreement (
change is inevitable in the dairy sector , but there needs to be a well managed transition to provide the farmers of europe with a stable and bright future .
that prospect seems quite repellant to us and we wonder how it can even be included in the preparatory documents for the amsterdam european council .
if it only served this purpose , closer cooperation would already be very useful. it is in this light that i approved mr frischenschlager 's report .
council and commission , what solution will europe supply to this lebanese dilemma ?
( abbreviated in accordance with rule 137 ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure )
mr president , clearly we need to identify the fact that kenya is a country where most people are actually subsisting on a couple of dollars a day .
however , commissioner , that also depends on us , the union .
( pl ) i would like to thank mr coelho , who is our parliamentary schengen specialist , and who has , indeed , done a huge amount of work in this area .
the debate will be resumed this afternoon .
i declare adjourned the session of the european parliament .
i thank commissioner gradin for her answer. this clarifies the situation very considerably for me .
parliament ’ s amendments neither improve nor help to clarify the commission ’ s proposal .
i voted in favour of the proposed package , as i welcome the unanimous vote achieved in the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport .
the vote on the elles and grech reports will take place on thursday. the gräßle and pittella reports will be voted on tomorrow .
we will have three quarters of an hour because it will be followed by a statement by president santer .
we must do everything so that hunger is eradicated like the plague .
these are questions which we should all be asking , but the forum for putting these questions is the united nations .
2. cambodia , in particular the case of sam rainsy (
this is why i abstained during the vote on the legislative resolution .
mr president , i should like to comment on mr buzek ’ s proposals on nuclear research .
( voting time was suspended at 12 noon to make way for the formal sitting , and resumed at 12.30 p.m. )
2. excise duty on beer produced locally in madeira (
the vote will take place tomorrow .
moreover , i wish to acknowledge the importance of russia 's possible ratification of the energy charter treaty and the transit protocol in the avoidance of potential nord-stream-project-related disagreements .
mr president , i will speak in portuguese , since i have the honour to be addressing a president who speaks my language .
6. green paper on reform of the common fisheries policy (
subject : european year of languages the european year of languages 2001 is now coming to an end. the commission has co-funded 185 projects aimed at promoting the european year .
subject : measures to reduce tension in diyarbakir
president. mr posselt has the floor for a point of order .
before intervening in this way , i suggest that you think before you act. that is all .
what existing competition law provisions could be used to address this issue and where could the application of these provisions be broadened ?
the minutes of the previous sitting have been distributed .
the union for europe therefore supports the proposal to refer these reports back to committee and withdraw them from the agenda .
we shall now proceed to the vote .
i look forward to continued cooperation with parliament in taking these objectives further and i count on our cooperation in the future .
can the council state how much money the european union , through its development aid programmes , has given to help the people of mozambique in the year 2006 ?
the next item is the commission statement on the situation of the roma in italy .
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on thursday , 26 november 2009 .
mr president , not liking to inconvenience too many people i shall make my explanation of vote orally .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12.00 noon .
why seek to grub up vineyards on our territory when chile , australia and the vineyards of the 33rd parallel are planting ?
( fr ) mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i would like to begin by thanking all of my colleagues , especially jerzy buzek for his report .
dual price indications should only be provided when it is objectively possible to compare prices , and therefore helpful for the consumer .
certified hauliers must be given this option. this position is partly reflected in amendments nos 64 and 81 .
we will take note of your comments and ensure that all language versions correspond .
likewise , in the english version i wish to point out for mr bushill-matthews , that ' précarité ' translates as ' non secure ' .
liberalism could have advantages to offer in some sectors , but only if it is managed and regulated .
another vital point is the incentives / responsibility , incentives / prescriptions mechanism .
the vote will take place at 12 noon on wednesday , 17 july .
we are therefore able to present a package that will benefit all participants in the internal market - businesses , especially small and medium-sized enterprises , and , above all , consumers .
ok , that is the case for you .
parliament continues to feel concern at the occupation of tibet , and at the strained relations with taiwan .
ms doyle , when you refer to the size of the country which has the presidency , did you mean that the irish presidency could have been even better ?
it is up to us in the european parliament to emphasize why cohesion was included in the treaty : to define a fair europe , characterized by solidarity and social commitment .
i believe that turkey must be required to comply fully with the copenhagen criteria and make progress towards a more democratic society which treats its minorities with greater respect .
we must ensure that this proposal for an amended directive is withdrawn. i cordially request you to announce this today .
let us act to condemn the violence against peaceful protest but let us also ensure that we can give support to those protesters .
it is very much hoped that , despite some inevitable inherent weaknesses in this respect , this regulation will turn out to be a success both in theory and in practice .
i shall therefore abstain in the vote on the motion for a resolution before us .
i trust that this house will support the proposals contained in mrs bresso 's recommendation , which were supported unanimously in the committee on the internal market and consumer protection .
thanks once again to mr schnellhardt and thank you for your attention .
( pt ) once again , many thanks to mr coelho , our president-in-office and commissioner frattini .
that is why we voted against the commission proposal to recast the european works council directive .
the vote will take place tomorrow .
the risks to women relate basically to the creation of jobs for women and to women ’ s working conditions , as well as to their status as consumers of services .
we in europe lead the way in railway heritage and preservation , a fact often overlooked by the commission - but , frankly , never overlooked by this parliament .
i wish to bring these four suggestions to the fore .
we must be careful. democracies cannot be overthrown by traditional military coups , but democracy can be weakened by a lack of tangible results for the poor .
election of vice-presidents ( deadline for submitting nominations ) : see minutes
in this respect , the chicago convention on international civil aviation is one of the main documents where the regulation of noise emissions from aeroplanes is concerned .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11.00 a.m.
– while welcoming this initiative and this report , i would also like to make a few comments , which , in my opinion , are important .
report ( a5-0032 / 2000 ) by mr corrie , on behalf of the committee on development and cooperation , on the results of the work of the acp-eu joint assembly in 1999
a few weeks ago , we discussed the coordination of economic policy and the stability and growth pact in this house .
thank you , commissioner. i would like to remind you that you have the right to speak again after the various representatives of the parties have spoken .
adoption of the minutes of the previous sitting
information exchange needs to respect the protection of law-abiding european individuals so that abuses of human rights do not take place as a result of breaches of privacy .
created the explorers of land and sea ,
for these reasons , we abstained on the final vote .
in view of the fact that the norwegian social partners are members of the european organisations representing social partners , their experience with family contributions will be taken into account .
the remaining possibilities set out in this resolution on the future of europe are totally at odds with what the people of this continent consider desirable .
mr president , i should like in fact to reformulate the question .
the next item is the vote .
the next item is the commission statement on the changes to the schengen system ( 2011 / 2753 ( rsp ) ) .
i believe that india , faced with such a country , has the legitimate right to equip itself with the means to protect itself .
i would also like to thank all the members who have made valuable contributions to improving this directive and , in particular , the chairperson of the committee , mrs jackson .
morocco has always tried to prevent this referendum from taking place because what it really wants is to annex the sahara. let us be perfectly clear about this .
thank you , but let me give you one more piece of advice : after asking for so much , ask your group to give you more time as well .
the next item is question time ( b6-0330 / 2005 ) .
there can be no economic stability without political stability and no political stability without the rule of law. this must be our clear and unequivocal message to the cambodians .
at the same time , i made it a point of honour to follow the development of the 2004 budget .
in writing . - ukip voted in favour of this report because eur 4.9 billion of unspent appropriations will be returned to the national governments .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i am standing in for mrs dührkop who cannot be here .
b5-0461 / 2000 by maij-weggen , on behalf of the ppe ­ de group ;
as the author is not present , question no 14 lapses .
it is my great pleasure to inform you that a delegation from the south african parliament is now seated in the gallery for official visitors .
british conservatives cannot , therefore , support this report .
what is your view , mr dell 'alba ?
mr poignant , listening to you singing the marseillaise or even the european anthem would certainly be a great pleasure .
this is something that we must change. we need more decisions by qualified majority and codetermination rights for parliament .
mrs palacio and i ask the house to support this recommendation .
question no 3 by mrs sandbæk ( h-0108 / 97 )
i now want to listen to what you parliamentarians have to say in order to understand the position of the european parliament on this matter .
i endorse and congratulate mr lange on his report , which examines all these factors and provides some interesting food for thought .
the next item is question time ( b6-0236 / 2005 ) . we will be taking a number of questions to the commission .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
this morning 's debate on the cultural package is closed. culture being about listening to one another , i assure you that at times we are not always very polite .
in future members will not want to table questions if this is the way you intend to conduct question time .
we therefore hope that this resolution will lead the council – whom we respect and trust – to send out the long-awaited signal as soon as possible .
( b5 ­ 0370 / 2000 ) by lord bethell , on behalf of the ppe ­ de group , on the abolition of the death penalty in the united states ;
in this instance , parliament ’ s attempts at justification through references to the lisbon strategy are the height of hypocrisy .
b5-0791 / 2000 , by mr korakas and others , on behalf of the confederal group of the european united left / nordic green left , on the sinking of the vessel ' express samina ' .
question no 41 by sirkka-liisa anttila ( h-0575 / 97 ) :
– mr president , honourable members , i welcome this opportunity to address an issue in which parliament has always shown a great interest .
( et ) mr president , ladies and gentlemen .
we shall now proceed to vote on the resolutions .
madam president , many thanks are due to mrs ries for her hard work on this report .
this is why , mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i ask you to vote in favour of this text .
and underlined that galileo is an exclusively non-military project ;
. i voted in favour of the report by mr menéndez del valle on eu-india relations .
there is no denying that i have the impression that the final horizontal regulation of these difficult matters requires the completion of monetary union .
this does not augur well for a new doha round. would he ensure that our concerns are communicated before the necessary legislation passes through the us congress ?
i wish to begin by thanking mrs schierhuber and the members of the committee on agriculture and rural development for all their work on this report .
the next item is the report by paulo casaca , on behalf of the committee on budgetary control , on the recovery of community funds .
we emphasise the urgent need for a real plan to support the production and creation of jobs with rights in the countries of the european union .
the vote will take place on wednesday at noon .
madam president , i would ask you to urge the president of parliament to deal promptly with the issue .
we need to take action , but we need to take the right actions in order not to deepen the crisis and to secure stability .
what would question time be without our irish colleagues and their effective and articulate contributions ? i am speaking first now , but really to make a point to the presidency .
- before the vote - concerns paragraph 3 :
the next item is voting time .
the following points must be borne in mind :
- ( fr ) today , the european parliament is presenting us with the new man in a new world .
experts have proved that both direct and indirect tobacco advertising are most influential on the young , encouraging them to enter into the " drug ' culture of tobacco .
president-in-office . - ( sl ) i still do not know ; sometimes it switches itself on and sometimes it doesn 't. i apologise for these gaps .
( parliament adopted the two decisions and the resolution in successive votes )
mr president , i hope that you will not be any more strict with me than with other members. nevertheless , i shall try to keep within my allotted speaking time .
we can accept three groups of amendments which , altogether , make up more or less half of them .
as the speaking time set aside for question time has expired , questions nos . 23 to 42 will be answered in writing ( 2 ) .
thank you , mr schulz. i shall give clear answers to the three points that you have raised .
mr wagner 's report is a first step in this direction , and therefore i have given him my support .
in conclusion , regulatory stability will enable this technology to develop smoothly if the european union gives the same importance to social and environmental parameters as to economic parameters .
mr president , i would ask the commissioner to pay particular attention to development and to the conclusions of the galician parliament ’ s committee of inquiry on this latest disaster .
the vote will take place at 5.30 p.m.
17. request for defence of the immunity of aldo patriciello (
the next item is the joint debate on the following oral questions :
accordingly , one case that the future agency will certainly have to examine is the current wave of attacks on freedom of expression in europe .
on behalf of the efd group . - mr president , much has been said and i would like to add a different note to this meeting .
what action will the council take on the basis of the reports of police misconduct at a vital eu event ?
finally , mr president , i would like to thank mrs evans for her excellent work on this issue .
our concern relates to education , training and research , as well as a culture of innovation and science , which must hold pride of place once more within the european union .
in writing . - i voted for this technical report giving approval for the ukraine to participate in european union programmes .
commissioner , i would like to thank you for being here today and for your statement. the commission appears to be moving quickly towards shaping the european research area .
i believe these two elements are essential for achieving the economic growth objective of the lisbon strategy and , consequently , they should be promoted more by the european company legislation .
( the president cut off the speaker )
our committee thanks commissioner monti for his commitment to real and meaningful dialogue. but we reiterate our objective of parliament moving towards full codecision in respect of these matters .
mr president , i should like to thank the commissioners for their statement .
i had therefore been hoping for a common sense reply , commissioner , not a technical one .
furthermore , we must give due importance to coordinating the financial instruments available for the black sea region , develop and modernise its ports , and reduce pollution in this area .
– mr president , i too congratulate the rapporteur on producing a really good report. i shall just deal with two points .
the next item is the vote .
mr president , the minutes of monday do not include my name in the attendance register , but i was present .
the report on the subject from our fellow members who were there as observers is revealing .
( the sitting was suspended at 8.15 p.m. and resumed at 9.00 p.m. )
subject : the proposals made by the chairman of the convention , valéry giscard d 'estaing , concerning the name of the european union
sixth : the middle east remains the key to global stability. europe must play an active role in this region .
i believe , mr president , that we must firstly vote on the amendments as presented and then see whether an oral amendment by mr landsbergis is appropriate .
we therefore repudiate this so-called ' constitutional status ' , which is in no way constitutional or indeed democratic .
madam president , i am going to comment on the koukiadis report .
secondly , the need for enlargement not to work against the development potential of the regions of the existing 15 member states of the union .
the public funds spent by the eu can be better used in the member states. we believe that the member states ' contributions to the european union can be reduced .
of course , it should be noted that this community initiative has already enabled several hundred young europeans to enjoy this experience , a practical act of european citizenship .
- tourist services would be classified at eu level
on a personal note , james mcleish was my great-uncle , and representatives of my family will be present at the service .
question no 16 by mr lindqvist ( h-0153 / 97 )
( the president cut off the speaker . )
( fr ) mr president , president of the european council , i have four comments .
safe and environmentally sound recycling of ships ( debate )
the next item is the debate on the commission statement on progress made towards accession by bulgaria and romania with a view to the next progress report .
finally , i wish to express my appreciation to mr itälä for his report .
it shows that europe seems increasingly set to become a cosy ministerial talk-shop. where is the dutch commitment to greater democracy ? i feel desperately let down .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
we are also against the introduction of registers of female genital mutilation as this would represent an intrusion into privacy that we cannot support .
i give the floor to mr verheugen to answer mr rübig 's question .
this report contains notable advances on the social level , particularly in terms of facilitating access to energy for the poorest citizens , as well as on the environmental level .
. ( de ) i voted in favour of the berenguer fuster report , as i , like the rapporteur , support the commission 's approach to reforming the system of employment aid .
in the same spirit , the european union has just adopted , under the french presidency , new european union guidelines on the fight against violence and discrimination against women .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i support mrs figueiredo ’ s report , but feel there is a contradiction to which attention must be drawn .
my congratulations again on the report. i am glad we have done it. we as parliament must then also keep an eye on how things progress .
the vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.
. mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i would first of all like to thank parliament for this opportunity to discuss these essential issues .
rapporteur . - mr president , parliament has moved from its first-reading position on the electricity and gas directive. i would just like briefly to explain why .
the most important thing from our point of view is that the uk must cease to be a net contributor to the cost of the cap .
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
i hope we can reach agreement on something corresponding to the council 's proposal .
secondly , there are many inconsistencies in the current acquis , which contains different legal definitions of identical concepts .
we have tried to get this incomplete and therefore incorrect report taken from the agenda , unfortunately without success .
the minutes of the last session have been distributed .
what is stopping the proposals in mr barnier 's report from being turned into a reality ?
i hope you agree to the resolution and that the house will vote for it tomorrow .
b5-0435 / 2001 by reinhold messner and others , on behalf of the verts / ale group , on nepal ;
a constituent of mine contacted me last week and asked how to get rid of their fridge. i was reduced to suggesting that she give it to her mother-in-law .
thank you very much for your attention .
the next item is the joint debate on three community action programmes :
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
8. convention on international interests in mobile equipment and its protocol on matters specific to aircraft equipment (
this will give the european parliament greater control over the implementing powers conferred on the commission .
– i believe that in ukraine , a country which only recently acquired freedom , institutions and democracy cannot function by our standards .
what is before us is , to my mind , a good result , one of which we here as parliament , together with the commission and council , can be proud .
furthermore , i should like to draw attention to the importance of having global and coherent policies in the social , youth and education fields , aimed at preventing organized crime .
we must also work on the leitmotiv of the territorial dimension , which is polycentrism , and , of course , the use of new technologies .
( for results and other details of the votes : see minutes )
you said that this would be the last time you would speak , mr fatuzzo , but you must just have meant for today ! i was a little worried !
the next item is the council and commission statements on the situation of turkish prisoners .
the report by jean lambert , on behalf of the committee on employment and social affairs , on the active inclusion of persons excluded from the labour market .
fourthly , we need integrated and coordinated responses to disability amongst children and amongst people who are already suffering other forms of discrimination , such as women and the elderly .
agenda of the next sitting : see minutes
the votes on the motion for a resolution and the vernola report will be on thursday , 13 december 2007 .
the tenor of the drugs debate in the european parliament clearly demonstrates that harmonised legislation is not feasible. nor do we consider it desirable .
let us continue our debate calmly , i hope. mrs colombo svevo , you have the floor .
mr president , let me raise a few issues from the perspective of a new member state .
mr president , i just want to add my voice to those who congratulate mr busuttil on his reports and deplore the antics of the various directory guides .
i concur with the gist of mr costa ' s opinion. however , there is one element which i am struggling with .
mr perry , i can assure you that the quaestors and i will take this very seriously and will take action to prevent a recurrence .
secondly , although sentences are handed down , they are often not carried out. how will the commission support the chinese authorities in enforcing the sentences passed on product pirates ?
in 2006 , as always , budgetary imagination is not high on the agenda in brussels .
tax credits and incentives for start-ups , micro-credits , credit guarantees , venture capital , provision of free information and counselling , continuous enhancement of the entrepreneur 's image and authority , etc .
hence our abstention from the final vote .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
mr president , looking around the chamber at this moment i think it is obvious that after yesterday 's vote when we abolished fridays , the abolition of thursday has already begun .
( parliament decided to refer the matter back to the committee responsible )
directly acceptable : amendment 74 ( text as a whole , block no 1 , compromise amendment ) . the commission is in favour of the adoption of the compromise text by the colegislators .
according to my text , it is quite clear. it says : " ... and the strengthening of european citizenship " . that is the text that we are voting on .
unless the chairs of the groups decide otherwise .
the single cmo , and its management committee , has been working very well for other sectors and there has been no particular criticism of it .
let me turn now to address the distinguished spanish and italian members of this house in their mother tongue .
i give the floor to mr verheugen to answer mrs ahern 's question .
when considering the substance of your opinion , i have chosen to focus on a few issues to which you have given very special attention .
the next item is the debate on :
i too very warmly congratulate the committee on budgets and our rapporteurs for the excellent work which has been accomplished .
the assessment of the vaccination and communication strategies applied in member states to regain citizens ' trust ;
madam president , this concerns an oral amendment which has two parts. i have the french text in front of me .
last month 's ruling of the ecj that ireland is in breach of the eu 's main waste management directive represented a damning indictment of the government ’ s environmental record .
ii. on the proposal for a council regulation on production aid for cotton [ com ( 1999 ) 492 - c5-0049 / 2000 - 1999 / 0202 ( cns ) ]
therefore , expansion of public services , improving training , access to new technologies and support for innovative business projects are fundamental for achieving these objectives .
mr president , the departure of hosni mubarak signals the transition towards a pluralist democracy responding to the aspirations of the egyptian people .
i will pass on the message from the debate to mr patten , who is responsible for this dossier. unfortunately he is on mission today .
( the sitting was opened at 9.05 a.m. )
the following questions have been submitted to the council .
this is a harmonisation that ultimately does not harmonise or conform to the basic european principles and values .
mr president , i shall have another three minutes at the end of the debate , which i shall use to comment on some of the interventions by the honourable members .
subject to approval by the quaestors , yes .
madam president , this is the main point the socialist group wishes to make. other honourable members will speak on further aspects of our stance .
it should be pointed out that serbia has suffered acutely from instability arising from the aftermath of war and from the reduction in the area that it covers .
i am not giving up on my dream to enable my children and their children to at least say : " vive la république d 'europe ! ”
there is a lack of clarity on the use of hydrogen as an alternative fuel for road transport ;
democracy does not just pop up in an unfertile field. we keep talking about creating democratic states without having worked on creating the democratic institutions upon which democracy flowers .
( the sitting was closed at 8.50 p.m. )
national governments should be magnanimous here , so as to ensure that employees and employers have an incentive to stop offering and engaging in illicit work .
the first task is the evolution of an enlightened society , in which citizens have a system of values , leading to a prosperous and peaceful world .
( parliament rejected the request for urgent procedure )
to mrs hassi , it was the point of view of the need to stick to 30 % and , in many respects , it relates also to what mr callanan says .
in order to combat distortion of competition and prevent dumping , the commission has , in my opinion , developed a well-balanced approach which steers a midcourse between harmonisation and non-intervention .
mr president , it is our common experience that , as people get older , we frequently come across cases variously defined as senile dementia or cerebral arteriosclerosis .
finally , it pays greater attention to the situation of the member states which are not participating in the emu but will eventually do so .
green paper on the future of ten-t policy ( short presentation )
[ com ( 2000 ) 386 - c5-0440 / 2000 - 2000 / 0188 ( cod ) ]
finally , i would like to know from the commission what its plans are for the post-mdg commitments that we will also have to talk about at some point .
9. rise in food prices ( vote )
mass atrocities in jos , nigeria , in january and march ( debate )
china 's policy and its effects on africa ( debate )
i would like to thank mr wałęsa for his helpful work on this report .
thank you , mr camre. i do not think we can easily undertake a debate on european culture. it would take us the whole night .
mrs thors , a supplementary question , but please be brief .
the next item is the vote .
the localities with access to an inland waterway could develop an intermodal transport that would reduce pollution caused by road traffic in large cities .
our parliament has often emphasised the fundamental nature of the right to food. our institutions made 2010 the european year for combating poverty and social exclusion .
madam president , i wish to thank the previous speaker for permitting me to ask him a question .
i was sure that the vote would go in favour of christa prets 's report .
there is perhaps a problem about the pse voting list , but for my part my statement was very clear. i announced what amendment we were voting on very clearly .
mr president , you have spoken for us all. i too heard a little while ago about what has happened , from mr dimitrakopoulos .
people who plant antipersonnel mines , kill children , take pleasure in their own cruelty and act treacherously can only be described as terrorists .
mr president , thank you for giving me the chance to make this statement .
mr president , the problem is one of public honour in this parliament , it is not a personal statement .
we would ask the council and the commission for clear and prompt action and a political initiative which does not overlook the issue of human rights .
the food risks which have come to light recently ...
subject : equal treatment for lesbians and gays
several accomplished speakers from the european people ' s party have already taken the floor to express the views of the group. let me , then , give an overall view .
until these questions have been answered , we can only believe that this is a magnificent ideological dogma designed to justify the introduction of a world government .
composition of committees and delegations : see minutes
madam president , i am very disappointed at the current relations between the west and macedonia. frankly speaking , the people of macedonia deserve far better treatment from us .
10. public access to documents 2009-2010 (
conflict prevention is also an important objective. it needs to be pursued through both political dialogue and joint initiatives .
adopting amendment 43 should not make amendment 54 fall , because in 54 there are also other issues which are not covered by 43 .
welcome back to brussels all of you .
– mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the unanimous adoption of the cramer report by the committee on transport and tourism basically tells us two things .
we wish you a pleasant stay and fruitful discussions with representatives of the european parliament , commission and council. a warm welcome to the european parliament !
i now invite commissioner nielson to respond to ms theato 's question. quite independently of that , we will take account of the criticism of the thursday timetable .
i think i can answer that very quickly , so as not to repeat some of the points i mentioned in my previous answer .
( the sitting was suspended at 11.35 and resumed at 12 noon )
progress on this lies in the hands of the incoming administration in turkey , not the eu .
despite the fact that the rapporteur 's report fails to ' bring matters to a head ' , it does at least touch on several serious problems and we shall support it .
we therefore welcome this commission initiative , in the belief that other measures will follow to finally produce a port policy .
that concludes the explanations of vote .
mr puerta , do you wish to take the floor or do you think it is not necessary ?
nonetheless , an army of sceptics and doomsayers is at work today , diminishing or distorting the meaning of the egyptian transition to democracy .
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i would like to congratulate mrs fleming on her excellent report , which is better than the lienemann report on the water framework directive .
eu guarantee to the eib against losses under loans and guarantees for projects outside the eu ( debate )
of course , it can cite article 8 of the cotonou agreement to strengthen the dialogue with the political authorities of that country. we will do this .
having said that , nothing can justify the errors and mistakes committed here and there at both european and member state level .
the vote will take place on tuesday , 20 may 2008 .
mr manders has the floor for a procedural motion .
in order , though , to be allowed to use these appellations , which are traditional in portugal , a third country must comply with certain requirements and meet the following conditions :
question no 39 by concepció ferrer ( h-0472 / 98 )
mr cohn-bendit , i am taking the microphone from you because i did not ask you to take the floor .
b5-0623 / 2000 by mrs maij-weggen , on behalf of the group of the europe people ' s party ( christian democrats ) and european democrats , on the moluccas ;
finally , the almost religious respect for the financial perspective laid down in berlin will prevent us from being able to cope with exceptional situations .
subject : transport of live animals does the council support a limit to the transport of live animals of a total journey of not more than eight hours ?
it is my pleasure to welcome to the public gallery representatives of the egyptian parliament , led by dr mustafa el-feki .
will the european commission eventually admit that some member states are violating its directives on sectors as sensitive as the environment and health ?
this thought process should be ambitious and should be broad in its scope , covering the economic , social and cultural dimensions of the problem .
my colleague anna diamantopoulou will comment on certain further elements relating to this coordination process which we have both presented jointly today .
i have voted in favour of mrs peijs ' s report and wish to emphasise the quality of the work that our rapporteur produced .
turkey cannot behave in this way and continue on its path towards europe and the european parliament should make that clear .
( the sitting was closed at 12.36 a.m. )
b5-0371 / 2000 by mrs banotti and mrs pack , on behalf of the group of the european people 's party ( christian democrats ) and the european democrats ;
the vote will take place tomorrow at 9.00 a.m.
mr president , i am pleased to be here tonight in order to correct some of the misunderstandings regarding this question .
the european union is not , and cannot be , just an economic free trade zone .
communication of council common positions : see minutes
request for the waiver of elisabeth jeggle 's immunity
thank you very much , commissioner .
( es ) mr president , a technical error has occurred. i intended to vote against amendment 444 .
my understanding is that those animals are normally taken out of the food chain .
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on thursday 29 november 2001 .
1. electronic communications networks , personal data and the protection of privacy (
we trust that they will come to fruition .
( the house rose and observed a minute ' s silence )
i think that this report is one more positive step in our search for multi-modality as the main axis of european transport policy .
what lessons does the commission draw from the difficulties faced by mg rover in the uk ?
i should just like to turn briefly to the council. malta 's position on the agricultural chapter should , i hope , also soon be on the table .
the liberal group in this parliament remains fully committed to combating terrorism , but without any concessions with regard to respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms .
thank you for indulging me. i just want to put that on the record because i do think it is very unfair .
( ro ) my fellow member , sebastian bodu , was unable to make it to strasbourg today and i am going to stand in for him .
i am glad parliament has finally initiated an in-depth examination of this issue .
the next item is the oral question by mr arias cañete , on behalf of the committee on fisheries , to the council ( b4-0017 / 97 - o-0001 / 97 ) , on driftnets .
i will end by congratulating commissioner patten , with whom i am delighted to agree .
since 1967 , we have lost our way in mistakes and injustices. do we have to wait another 40 years ...
another problem is the pressure of mass distribution with falling prices , which means that increases in production costs cannot be regained from the sale price .
mrs haug 's report is an important addition to the agenda 2000 debate , and to the ongoing preparation process for the next phase of the programme .
mr president , the scoreboard on implementing the social policy agenda is obviously extremely valuable because it allows us to draw conclusions as to the progress made .
we consider that a properly defined policy for this sector should be based on four guidelines :
the next item is the council and commission statements on the euro-mediterranean policy and the preparation for the next meeting of the euro-mediterranean parliamentary assembly in brussels .
at present , africa is the ' forgotten continent ' of climate negotiation .
the vote will be taken tomorrow at 12 noon .
31. waiver of mr bruno gollnisch 's parliamentary immunity (
as the honourable member has repeated the question which was addressed to us earlier , i can only repeat the answer i gave. i am sorry .
do grounds exist for shutting down any reactor in the eu as a result of safety requirements not having been complied with ?
it can be criticised , however , for :
thank you very much , mr volcic .
the next item is the report by mr gahler , on behalf of the committee on foreign affairs , on a sustainable eu policy for the high north .
we are looking forward to bulgaria and romania ’ s historic achievement of european union membership in 2007. i expect both to contribute energetically to the process of european integration .
what we need is for the people of campania and naples to be brave and vote to replace their incompetent officials , as has already happened at regional level .
there is growing appreciation within belarus of the need for democracy ; hence the need for greater western contact with pro-democracy parliamentarians to avoid the risk of self-imposed isolationism .
the next item is questions to the council ( b4-0524 / 97 ) .
with regard to the african union , i can just tell you that we are maintaining contact with them , but i cannot say any more at this stage .
as an elected representative of the rhône-alpes region , i can testify to the failure of many road sectors in the rhône valley to adapt .
we have been able to recognise the moral conscience of our society. we have faced the task of obtaining truth and justice with regard to violations of human rights .
mr president , the main themes of the 2001 human rights report are , in fact , mainstreaming and the eu 's human rights policy .
madam president , as i only have 90 seconds of speaking time , i shall have to confine myself to just three points .
( de ) mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i , too , should like to echo the previous speakers ' thanks to the rapporteur .
finally , we must ensure that innovation is funded , in order to stimulate strong and sustainable growth in major european infrastructure projects , through the creation of eurobonds .
on amendment no 15 , on reporting on positive action measures , the commission will propose an alternative text so as to report on positive measures only every three years .
the eu can certainly be the forum , the umbrella under which europe 's medium- and long-term aid can be distributed and coordinated .
certain governments , the spanish and german governments , for example , have offered to cooperate with the committee chaired by mr coelho , and that is something we should be grateful for .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11.00 a.m.
mr president , that also applies to me. my name is not shown , although i took part in every vote and attended the conference of presidents .
- ( de ) i voted against an export ban on stronger cigarettes for the following reasons :
mr president-designate , while i was listening to your address this morning , at one point you made me jump because you said ' the pensioners are here ' .
thank you very much , commissioner lamy .
joint motion for a resolution on the financing of development aid
i declare the session of the european parliament adjourned .
moreover , appropriate legal proceedings have been initiated in order to obtain a refund for the costs incurred following the disaster .
sectors which require improvement relate mainly to the mismatch between political choices and community choices and the inability to manage our budget resources properly .
( the sitting was closed at 1.20 p.m. )
i welcome the swedish presidency 's proposal to focus on questions of policy instead of constitutional questions during its presidency .
madam president , as i was not allowed to speak in the debate , i hereby submit my intervention in writing , as announced by the president chairing friday morning ' s sitting .
mr bonde , as you said , a legal opinion was issued on this matter and it will be looked into this week at the conference of presidents .
i would like to thank the european parliament for its support of the european commission 's position and the remarkable effort made to meet the concerns of the council .
mr president , can i simply point out to members that the signing-in sheets are now back inside the chamber .
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
it is the responsibility of every single one of us. this is an approach that is critical in ensuring the success of the organisation of world trade .
i would also like to say that during the current crisis , it is important for us to invest in education and health , which are practical investments in our future .
i received six motions for resolutions pursuant to rule 42 ( 5 ) .
we can live with the commission proposal to set aside 0.46 % of gnp per year for structural measures in the period 2000-2006 , but only under two conditions .
in writing . - ( de ) my aim is still to achieve a uniform ban on genetically modified organisms ( gmos ) in all member states .
their end objective is to promote further intensification of work and reduction of labour cost .
we are going to put the last question to the commissioner .
to close this debate , i have received five motions for resolutions
( more than 12 meps opposed the tabling of the oral amendment ) the oral amendment will not be tabled .
online gambling in relation to recent ecj rulings ( debate )
madam president , i should like to start by congratulating mrs mcnally for her persistence in keeping this report on parliament 's agenda and bringing it to fruition .
i therefore believe that it is a good blend of european democracy. it is ' consensual ' democracy rather than the ' conflictive ' democracy that we have in our countries .
the council has not discussed the question of energy efficiency and the monthly movement of the european parliament between brussels and strasbourg .
european farmers must not be penalized for the commission 's mismanagement. they will not accept the adoption of a high set-aside , and i believe they are right .
i have received motion for a resolution b5-0049 / 2004 , tabled pursuant to rule 37 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
would the commission like to say anything more ?
commission 's position on amendments by parliament
i also share your political priorities. i welcome the agreement between our two institutions on items so politically sensitive in both europe and the united states .
second issue. we will have to see whether the council and parliament support it .
i voted in favour of this directive .
the vote will take place on wednesday 22 april 2009 .
i look forward very much to hearing honourable members ' views on this matter .
before we risk ruining the world 's economies with carbon emission taxes and the like , please let us reopen the debate and make absolutely sure who is right .
in effect , are we not really trading jobs and emissions ...
questions nos 32 and 33 will not be taken , as the subject to which they refer is included on the agenda of this part-session .
since the time allotted to questions to the council has elapsed , questions 13 to 32 will be replied to in writing .
fourth , aquaculture represents a business worth more than eur 3.5 million , employing more than 65 000 people .
madam president , the presidents of the council and the commission spoke of the euro plus pact and of the single market. i have a question about each .
we will check the list , mr valdivielso de cué , and make the necessary correction .
secondly , injections of capital into smes , which are already the biggest creators of jobs .
in its 2001 programme , the court has therefore planned an overall audit covering all budgetary areas of the commission 's recovery procedures .
finally i want to stress once again that our consumers must be given priority , for without safe and secure consumers we shall not have a flourishing internal market .
i must point out , in conclusion , that it will not , however , be at all easy to harmonise the different national laws with european requirements and directives .
the next item is the joint debate on the following oral questions :
thank you very much , mr katiforis .
is the council looking into lifting the embargo , whose only victims are the people of iraq , and in particular its small children ?
27 . 25th annual report from the commission on monitoring the application of community law ( 2007 ) (
such concerns are certainly justified if we consider the negative consequences of the economic crisis for the motor vehicle sector .
( the sitting was closed at 8.55 p.m. )
what are the commission and the council ’ s views on this ?
question no 12 by pat gallagher ( h-0801 / 96 )
they perform many important ecological functions , such as the large-scale production of natural resources ( flora and fauna ) and plant biomass traditionally consumed by domestic animals .
- before the vote on paragraph 1 ( b ) :
( the sitting was adjourned at 7.02 p.m. and resumed at 9 p.m. )
mr president , following the excellent reports by mrs ask and mr billström , i am going to focus on the main issues .
paragraph 18 wants to " promote further market opening in the eu " and paragraph 42 considers that " it is essential to complete the liberalisation of energy markets ' ' .
the cohesion policy after 2013 ( debate )
. mr president , it is very clear from remarks made by members that the european parliament is following closely developments in ukraine .
that is why there is an urgent need for an independent , international criminal court which can do just that .
thank you very much. parliament 's will is always decisive. we will consider what you had to say in the next meeting of the bureau .
on the basis of the above arguments , we have chosen to vote against the report in the final vote .
in addition to this , what can we do at european level ?
we believe that the instruments for the neighbourhood policy need to be flexible and cost-effective. there must be clear requirements for following up the results .
mr president , with the agreement of the socialist group in the european parliament and the rapporteur , i would like to propose the following regarding paragraph 1 ( h ) :
a comprehensive approach to investing in improving the employment figures and entrepreneurship is a prerequisite for a prosperous europe .
i share mr nassauer 's desire to have more decisions taken at member state level .
signature of acts adopted under codecision : see minutes
( sk ) the floods which have affected almost all of central europe have been catastrophic for these countries .
the house accepts the rapporteur 's position .
we now hope that the council will be receptive to most of the proposals that have been tabled .
motion for a resolution rc b5-0180 / 2002
b5-0099 / 99 by mr van den bos and baroness nicholson of winterbourne , on behalf of the eldr group , on the lusaka cease-fire agreement ;
in the new programme for the period 2007-2013 , measures are put forward with a view to promoting dialogue and mutual knowledge of european culture .
the report tries to destroy the subsidiarity principle .
in writing - the emergency package that has been proposed by the commission is a step towards putting a stop to the precarious situation faced by european fishermen .
mr president , the commission welcomes the serious and far-reaching discussions between both branches of the budget authority in the framework of the ad hoc procedure for the 1997 budget .
it would have been counterproductive to have voted today for measures that have never been costed , and which impose unrealistic obligations on all our member states .
pursuant to rule 37 ( 2 ) i have received six motions for resolutions to wind up the debate
if there are no objections , i shall put the request by mrs lulling to the vote .
the next item is the joint debate on :
that was slightly too fast , and the interpreters could not interpret precisely. please do not speak so fast .
the vote will take place on thursday at 12 noon .
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
is there a speaker to move this request on behalf of the group of the european people ' s party ?
subject : lowering the price of smss sent or received in a different member state ( roaming )
the portuguese social democrat meps therefore support the isler béguin report .
the next item is the council and the commission statements on the opening of international negotiations in view of adopting an international treaty for the protection of the arctic .
the vote will take place tomorrow at noon .
the commission cannot accept amendments 3 , 5 , 6 , 9 and 11 .
thank you again for your continued support on this important public health issue .
b5-0661 / 2001 by mr gahrton and others , on behalf of the verts / ale group , on developments in relations between the european union and the southern caucasus .
‘ it is high time for action ’ , said president chirac . ‘ eu policy could provide a guarantee for a real breakthrough in the fight against poverty ’ .
( the president cut the speaker off )
mr president , i would like to make three observations in relation to what we have heard here this morning .
underlying this text , at the heart of the expulsions there are people in transit , men and women who have a right to safety and respect .
this being said , the compromise package on which you will vote tomorrow is a significant step forward in the area of food information .
the european union feels that the gcc members lack coordination and reform and the latter complain of an interminable list of requirements that the gulf states must meet .
the vote will take place at 4 p.m. or at the end of the debates .
i agree with the amendment requiring the member states to ensure that both workers and their representatives are equipped to press the provisions of the directive .
what exactly does the rapporteur propose ? mrs hardstaff , in her report and various amendments , asks that all beef products benefit from community aid in favour of promotion .
today , during this final stage , the member states have a crucial role to play .
i urge them to represent the interests of their community and not of themselves .
that is all i know , and all that i can tell you .
we really do regret that most deeply. pope john paul ii ...
- before the vote on paragraph 19 :
the european union needs an integrated , common and coherent energy policy , as well as a long-term strategy to ensure the member states ' energy independence .
1 - to reinforce the principles of the rule of law ;
6. transitional procedural guidelines on budgetary matters in view of the entry into force of the lisbon treaty (
the next item is the one-minute speeches on matters of political importance .
in writing . - ( fr ) i abstained during the final vote on this resolution for the following reasons in particular .
this compromise package would essentially improve the common position accepted by the council. that is the reason the commission supports the proposals by mrs müller and mrs grossetête .
the european union and the united states must be able to act to consolidate a leadership three aspects of which , in my view , need to be renewed .
1. european security strategy and esdp (
the projects affected , classified as priorities , which will be declared to be of community interest , will enjoy the very significant advantage of easier access to the available community resources .
to that end , i wish you much success in pörtschach !
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
the vote will take place today at 12 noon .
common organisation of the market in wine ( debate )
secondly , it is clear that there must be a date by which the programmes of measures for tackling agricultural threats should be drawn up .
the vote will take place tomorrow .
for the rest , this report imitates the usa ’ s positions on most of the issues which currently dominate the world stage .
mr president , the loud , sustained applause that greeted the presentation of mrs de sarnez ' report is indicative of its value and excellent quality .
the next item is question time ( b5-0540 / 2000 ) . we will examine questions to the commission .
member of the commission . - madam president , first of all , please allow me to take a little more time , because this is a very important issue for me .
a5-0064 / 2002 by mr stenmarck for sections ii , iv , v , vi , vii , viii ( a ) and viii ( b ) , and on the european parliament 's preliminary draft estimates ( section i ) .
throughout the last half century , trade barriers have been breaking down for products , but largely these barriers still stand for the consumers .
protocol 3 , article 16 states that ' the ecb shall respect as far as possible existing practices regarding the issue and design of banknotes ' .
what , one may ask , can our farmers expect ...
( the sitting closed at 11.35 p.m. )
( the sitting was suspended at 5.15 p.m. and resumed at 5.30 p.m. )
third-country nationals who are legally resident in the territory of a member state and who have a residence permit , which is valid for at least one year .
we have abstained from voting in the final vote on the resolution because paragraph 1 implies that the charter is to be binding .
at the same time , when we talk of best practice in regional policy , we need to take account of :
mr tannock , let me just point out that what you have just said was more appropriately slated for the explanation of votes section of the sitting , but thank you .
to conclude the debate , i have received one motion for a resolution .
the vote will be at noon today .
so we need more than just words , what we need more than anything else is deeds , since this is the only way that we will see our ambitions achieved .
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
subject : job losses because of indirect tax increases
question no 46 by joan vallvé ( h-0563 / 96 )
another point which the president has mentioned , and which seems to me important to specify , is our approach towards the intergovernmental conference .
mr president , first of all , i would like to congratulate the rapporteur on her excellent work .
question no 40 by roy perry ( h-0732 / 97 )
mr president , first of all , congratulations on your election , and all good wishes for your work !
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i wish , on behalf of my group , to congratulate mr musotto on his report , which calls attention to some pertinent matters .
i shall not be intimidated by this manoeuvring and this blackmail on the pretext of restoring the credibility of the european parliament .
who could possibly not be in favour of safeguarding the quality of water intended for human consumption ?
i can in fact confirm that amendment 1 is tabled as an addition .
that is another way of encouraging business owners to operate safely .
on behalf of the uen group.- ( pl ) mr president , commissioner , i welcome the launch of the debate on the reform of trade policy instruments .
this is why i have ventured to voice some criticism here today , mr president. i am , however , full of admiration for the work completed .
? 5-0421 / 2002 by mr linkohr , mr medina ortega and mrs izquierdo rojo , on behalf of the pse group , on the serious incidents in the city of buenos aires ;
we also support the proposed exclusion of organ transplantation from the scope of this directive .
- growth - employment - competitiveness
you have not given europe a direction. that is what your speech was lacking .
subject : availability of council meeting and committee documents
this also means , of course , that the government of luxembourg is once more being called upon not only to be vigilant but also to guarantee compliance with contractual agreements .
questions which have not been answered for lack of time will be answered in writing ( see annex ) .
the union should call for a peace-keeping force under un auspices , involving russian peace-keeping troops , so that the ethnic albanians can return to their homeland .
i would like in particular to thank mr lisi for the effort he has made to find common ground between all the various positions .
i am voting in favour of professor adam gierek 's report on ' putting knowledge into practice : a broad-based innovation strategy for europe ' .
the vote will take place today at 12.00 noon .
this can only stimulate this lively and diverse debate on european policy issues , and it will contribute to bringing europe closer to its citizens .
in writing . - ( fi ) mr president , i share everyone 's concern about the human rights violations in tibet .
mr president , i will try to be very brief and will confine myself to the oral question to the commission on imports of garlic .
is this practice in compliance with the package travel directive ( 90 / 314 / eec ) ?
water , energy , transport and telecommunications markets
( el ) mr president , i thank the commissioner for his reply ; there is indeed information on the website. thank you also , commissioner , for the tables which you have given me .
the vote will take place on thursday 10 july 2008 .
that concludes questions to the commission .
madam president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , our group agrees with mr cabrol 's report and thanks him for his excellent work .
that concludes the explanations of vote .
we therefore ask the commission and council to take all possible initiatives to contribute towards a positive political development of the situation in sierra leone .
oral questions and written declarations ( submission ) : see minutes
in which areas does the council feel there has been most progress ? what are proving at present to be the most difficult areas to move forward in discussions ?
parliament expresses its solidarity with the families of the hostages and with the people of colombia .
we consider that the competition policy applied is responsible for all this and we intend to express our complete opposition to it by voting against the report .
i congratulate the rapporteur and call on the european parliament to support the agriculture committee 's report .
( the sitting was suspended at 09.55 a.m. and resumed at 10.10 a.m. )
( fi ) mr president , commissioner , my thanks go to mr parish for this debate .
to participate in peacefully reuniting a once fractured europe is a remarkable privilege. i voted for this with great satisfaction today .
( it ) mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the maghreb is going through difficult times. the bloody encounters in tunisia over the last few days are conclusive proof of that .
thank you , mrs lindeperg. i shall be very glad to do so if i can .
the final version of the draft agenda as drawn up by the conference of presidents pursuant to rule 95 of the rules of procedure has been distributed .
i hope enough meps will join us tomorrow when we vote , in particular those labour meps who voted against us in committee and against the uk labour government .
i should like to congratulate you once again , commissioner , on a fascinating publication .
• independent representation of the eu at all international organisations , independently of its member states , as provided for in the treaty of lisbon ;
at the same time , i could also say that the report will be a reference document for future community action in this field .
the next item is the debate on :
( the house rose and observed one minute 's silence )
let me therefore thank the rapporteur again. the commission will continue to work with you on improving the situation in the outermost regions .
ultimately we must work towards the goal which hopefully we all share , namely good chances of a decent quality of life for as many people as possible .
– mr president , i am an interested party in this matter and so i have not taken part in the debate , nor will i be voting .
mr kamall , as you can see , you are the only one in the chamber !
rapporteur . - mr president , tax fraud is the business of the eu because fraudsters make use of cross-border loopholes , and that is what we are trying to close .
madam president , this is a useful debate , and a lot of things have come out during its course , which is not always the case .
mr president , i am the other ghost at the feast of the british presidency .
most of our amendments have been rejected. i am therefore voting against this report .
mr newton dunn , vice-chairman of the committee on foreign affairs , human rights , common security and defence policy has the floor to explain his committee ' s opinion .
the greens consider it extremely regrettable that an attempt is being made to destroy the special character of the union through militarization .
mr president , there is something unusual about this joint debate on several reports .
( el ) madam president , the recent dismantling of an important terrorist cell in greece reminds us that violence and the threat to democratic institutions have no borders and are undiscriminating .
what future measures does the commission propose to take in this area ?
there are so many encouraging signals such as the various ' nuclear-free zones ' which have been agreed that we must now do everything possible to get the ctbt completed .
– mr president , commissioner , madam president-in-office of the council , i do not know if the previous speech represented a personal opinion or the opinion of the committee responsible .
7. modification of concessions in the schedules of bulgaria and romania in the course of their accession to the european union ( eu-new zealand agreement ) (
i am afraid the commission has not the power to do so. personally , i fully agree with your sentiments .
the next item is the commission statement on the accident at the azf factory in toulouse and the rewriting of the european union ' s environmental protection policy .
mr president-in-office of the council , commissioner , the enlargement of the union is a means of increasing stability and safety in europe and of promoting tolerance and democracy .
thank you very much , commissioner nielson .
mr president , commissioner , this is a highly technical subject , aspects of which affect the daily life of european citizens , not to mention the single market itself .
agenda for next sitting : see minutes
the next item is question time ( b7-0655 / 2010 ) .
( the president cut the speaker off )
i agree. indeed , we say as much in paragraph 1 of the report , to the extent that the 18 meps should enter en bloc , otherwise we would lose representativeness .
we must have a firm community strategy with regard to mercury. having said that , being firm also means being realistic .
forwarding of texts adopted during the sitting : see minutes
that is why we decided to abstain .
subject : cybercrime 24 / 7 emergency contact network
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
let me also highlight the framework decision on exchanges of data from criminal records between member states , which was referred to in the klich report .
( pl ) mr president , commissioner , i would like to draw attention to just two matters in this debate .
in addition , would it be possible to make displaying or advertising pre-tax prices along with post-tax prices obligatory ? generally we have post-tax prices advertised .
mr president , at a time when member states are reducing public spending , in the uk our government is seeking to overhaul the benefits system to make work pay more .
. ( fr ) my answer is yes .
mr barroso , our position is clear. unless there is a material change in mr buttiglione 's portfolio , we shall be obliged to vote against your commission .
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
request for waiver of parliamentary immunity : see minutes
the next item is the joint debate on the reports on the european ombudsman and the application of european union law :
( explanation of vote abbreviated in accordance with rule 137 ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure )
parliament has also shown that it wants and demands a european administration fit for the twenty-first century but , at the same time , we demand efficiency , monitoring and transparency .
no reply has ever been received - which is perhaps a kind of answer in itself , if not a satisfactory one .
finally , we should not forget that one of the basic elements at stake in this type of dossier is quite simply the future of the rural environment .
before the vote on amendment no 20 :
secondly : freedom , security and justice - we shall strengthen the fight against terrorism , crime and illegal immigration .
in writing . - i voted in favour of this report , given the urgency of the financial situation hitting the eu and other global financial markets .
this is a very good report. i encourage the house to give it its full support when we vote on it tomorrow .
when does the european commission intend to reactivate the application of the med programmes ?
relations between the european union and russia following the assassination of journalist anna politkovskaya ( motions for resolution tabled )
i voted in favour of the report on the provision of food information to consumers .
that is our group ’ s position , and no other interpretation is tenable .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
report ( a5-0046 / 2003 ) by terence wynn , on behalf of the committee on budgets , on reform of the budgetary procedure : possible options in view of the revision of the treaties ( 2002 / 2271 ( ini ) )
thank you everybody. i think that the new statute will serve as an example in other parliaments all over the world .
question no 43 by francisca sauquillo pérez del arco ( h-0452 / 03 ) :
we are sure that the kingdom of morocco will see the importance of the way we have voted and that the european union will understand it .
the directive brings the whole community system for recognizing qualifications up to date and gives concrete expression to its undertaking to simplify the up-dating of qualification lists .
there is , in my opinion , one decisive issue , that of the delors white paper , which we should have supported more than we did .
at present , can the commission tell me whether the agreements can be made without an amendment to the andean community 's fundamental text ?
i am definitely going to use the result of this debate and mr alves 's report as major sources of inspiration for the speech that i have to make then .
that would be a disastrous course for our country. europe has very little to lose if it loses ireland , but ireland has everything to lose if it loses europe .
therefore , i kindly ask you to vote for this report .
. ( fr ) water is a renewable but limited natural resource and needs to be properly managed .
to conclude , we need a commission initiative. we need the commission to act in the interests of european citizens , instead of a number of task forces .
we also share the view that the new rules on access to documents should be implemented only after the amended regulation has entered into force , without any retroactive effects .
to that end , and so that we do not forget it , we shall also vote today on a resolution on the memory of the holocaust and anti-semitism .
b5-0496 / 2001 by mr van den berg on behalf of the group of the party of european socialists ;
have the member states given a firm undertaking regarding the separate collection of waste by category ?
once again , i thank all those who have contributed to the work on this report .
mr president , i would also like to start by thanking both rapporteurs for their hard work. it was not easy this year .
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , as both the rapporteur and the commissioner have observed , this proposal for a directive does indeed follow a vote in parliament .
thank you very much , mr karas .
c ) research into the effect of products on the environment and consumer health .
to conclude , madam president , i believe the european union has made considerable efforts to get relations with turkey back on track .
furthermore , liberalisation seems to be incompatible with safety , since some countries have had to renationalise following repeated accidents .
as regards the resolution on tibet , my name does not appear although i did vote in favour , by roll-call vote .
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting
b5-0560 / 2000 by mr brok , on behalf of the committee on foreign affairs , human rights , common security and defence policy , to the council , on the democratic people 's republic of korea ,
( it ) mr president , ladies and gentlemen , firstly i would like to thank you for asking the belgian and french authorities to provide me with police protection .
with these reservations , we support the report .
– mr president , it is impossible to avoid feeling a mixture of both encouragement and regret following the first local elections in saudi arabia .
we have heard from two speakers on this item and i think that is sufficient .
it will be the same for wine. it has already happened for butter and meat. confusion and malthusianism are running the show .
for these reasons , we have decided to abstain on the final vote .
this is a european issue because such readings are far above eu bathing water limits and , incidentally , also a cross-border issue since thames water is german owned .
the vote will take place at 12 noon .
– the debate is closed .
commissioner van den broek will now speak on behalf of the commission .
maintain that the double-checking surveillance system will serve no purpose unless it prevents any repetition of the situation that occurred in 2005 and that new safeguard measures are required ;
this report contains many excellent ideas as to how these goals may be brought about for the benefit of all member states , and i fully support it .
i can see that the house approves of your proposal , and i shall gladly do so , mrs doyle .
the real questions are not being addressed : a single currency for whom and for what purpose ?
dates for next sittings : see minutes
firstly , they aim to facilitate the introduction of the community patent through fees at community level .
since the author is not present , question no 7 lapses .
under chapter 2 ( 1 ) of the swedish constitution , swedish citizens are guaranteed fundamental rights and freedoms .
none of this corresponds to the council 's determination to cap the budget for the four-year programme at ecu 10.6 million , a figure we regard as grossly inadequate .
that concludes question time. questions not taken for lack of time will be answered in writing .
for this reason , as we strive to make community law clear and transparent , it is important to codify regulations , which have been amended many times .
the vote will take place on tuesday at 12 noon .
( de ) i think it is perfectly understandable that there are differences of opinion in lively and very productive bodies like the commission .
on behalf of the ind / dem group . - madam president , president klaus remarked on 18 february that the eu structure is a dogma which contradicts the experience of heritage .
potential ill treatment rarely comes to light because of the culture of secrecy which characterises the department of justice .
the vote will take place tomorrow .
the president cut the speaker off
the next item is the council and commission statements on the situation in honduras .
( parliament decided to defer the final vote )
the vote will take place on friday 24 april .
in writing . - ( fr ) mrs castex voted for the davies report on the reduction of co2 emissions from passenger cars and light-commercial vehicles .
it is indeed parliament that , in the last instance , as is normal , will take the decisive vote , which will take place tomorrow .
so , mr president , when are we going to see an arms embargo ?
( the sitting was closed at 11.45 p.m. )
i should like to welcome monsignor jorge ortiga , archbishop of braga , together with the bishops and the portuguese episcopal delegation accompanying him .
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , madam commissioner , not all the members in my group agree with the point i am about to make , so i shall speak personally .
thank you for your support for the proposals by mr spencer and mr imbeni , mrs pack .
thank you , mrs diamantopoulou , for what i agree is a very significant statement from the commission .
i believe that the accession talks with croatia will be completed by the end of 2009 .
energy drinks were discussed at the 84th meeting of the standing committee on foodstuffs on 19 september 2001 .
such data handling requires greater justification than is contained in the actual text and , at the time , we must better specify how to prevent data being misused .
i endorse what mrs bauer says , although i am not , of course , going into the questions which came up when this compromise was being negotiated .
we should also be pleased with the increased concern about the particular vulnerability of women in situations of abuse , and consequently the need to reinforce their protection .
in writing . - ukip voted in favour of this report because eur 4.9 billion of unspent appropriations will be returned to the national governments .
the vote will be at 12 noon tomorrow .
the vote will take place at 5.30 p.m.
we voted in favour of the report on a single market for enterprises and growth. the report contains many important proposals for the development of the single market .
these resolutions are a hypocritical , blind and obscurantist chore. we will be voting against them .
these are our beliefs and our convictions. we are determined to live up to the expectations of our people and lead them towards a peaceful and prosperous future .
i think the house would agree with the proposal by mr goebbels and mr albertini to vote on it as an addition or as a separate paragraph .
( es ) madam president , the recent financial crises have shown the importance of high-quality accounting standards for the proper functioning of the markets .
( the president cut the speaker off )
mr tannock , you used only one and a half minutes. next time , i will give you an extra half minute !
we will nevertheless vote in favour of the whole text , but i think that we will need further initiatives to give more weight to the european commitment .
what action will the council take on the justice and home affairs report for the council on hooliganism in football and football information centres ? ( 13 january 2005 )
( for the results and other details of the vote : see minutes )
your letter will be sent to all german and british colleagues so you will achieve your objective .
mr corbett , this matter was discussed in the conference of presidents last week and the majority was against using that procedure .
question no 4 by christoph konrad ( h-0175 / 98 )
the vote will take place on thursday at 12.00 p.m.
one of the greatest challenges we face is the completion of the internal market in the areas in which it is not functioning as intended .
i welcome the council 's commitment to promote regional cooperation , especially in the black sea and the western balkans region .
firstly , can it now be certain and confirm that none of the contaminated eggs or any single product affected entered the food chain via their utilisation in processed foods ?
b5-0575 / 2001 by mrs maes and mrs mckenna , on behalf of the group of the greens / european free alliance ;
as the author is not present , question no 7 lapses .
we now come to the last series of replies which will come from mr vitorino , on behalf of the commission .
( sk ) prime minister prodi , allow me to welcome you here .
the next item is voting time .
– to wind up the debate , i have received one motion for a resolution ( 1 ) , pursuant to rule 103 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
- andré brie , willy meyer pleite , roberto musacchio and tobias pflüger , on behalf of the gue / ngl group , on guantánamo ( b6-0122 / 2004 ) .
thank you all for this debate .
in this respect , the commission 's proposal does not clearly define the situations which require the reduction or suspension of agriculture payments .
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
my thanks go to mrs klaß and to the shadow rapporteurs for achieving a consensus on this subject .
g . ( sv ) the undersigned have abstained from the vote on the above report for the following reasons :
i wonder if this could possibly have something to do with party politics , but not the issue that mr barón crespo has rightly raised here .
decisions concerning certain documents : see minutes
incidentally , the commission 's advance information on the renegotiation of the agreement with senegal was totally inadequate , especially as far as the financial aspects were concerned .
since i do not expect much from the venezuelan courts , i dare to ask president chavez to allow her release .
i agree with the rapporteur and congratulate her on the final report .
in connection with the employment and growth strategy , what legislative and non-legislative measures does the commission plan to take to support small- and medium-sized undertakings ?
may i suggest that i try to briefly answer the various questions that have been put and if you think i am speaking too long , please tell me so .
consequently , my appeal to you , commissioner , is that this critical shortcoming in the financing of the forestry strategy be rectified in the next seven-year period , namely 2007-2013 .
it is a directive designed for patients and about patients .
the minutes of yesterday ' s sitting have been distributed .
5. sustainability in eu fisheries through maximum sustainable yield ( vote )
we are not going to re-open the debate and we shall proceed with the vote .
( ro ) mr. president , the latest voluntary withdrawal of dangerous products manufactured in china raises serious questions related to the correct implementation of the european legislation on consumer protection .
can i just ask some questions ? because in these emotional times , we need some cool heads and clear information .
at this point we are reminded of the momentous nature of our work here in terms of the future of the european union !
apart from this , asylum procedures in the eu are often grossly unjust and arbitrary , leading to dramatically varying recognition rates between member states .
mr president , thank you for giving me the opportunity to reply to all the members that have spoken this morning .
the annual report 's lack of new methods and incomplete information have provoked criticism from parliament , which i am supporting by voting in favour of the lichtenberger report .
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
besides budgetary appropriation levels , the report deals with important issues of budgetary economy and administration .
as the author is not present , question no 47 , by herman vermeer , lapses .
it is this policy that should be brought into question .
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see minutes
the commission has listened to you very carefully , mr cox .
many thanks. your comments have been noted .
situation in somalia and attack against " médecins sans frontières
i urge the european institutions - this parliament , the european commission and the council , to bring this situation to an end .
nonetheless , we know that this tragic event is nothing more than proof of the repressive aspects of the immigration and asylum policy implemented within the european union .
it seems to me that the situation really is very confused .
these are european rules , and every member state may tighten them up , as some indeed already do , and we want to leave responsibility for that with the member states .
( the president cut off the speaker )
( the sitting was suspended at 1.12 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
this new approach can be beneficial provided that solidarity is limited to those who have both medical and financial requirements. the alternative would be to protect only well-off populations .
as the authors are not present , question no 43 lapses .
thank you very much , commissioner schreyer .
thank you very much , commissioner patten .
i urge that financial prudence is not made an excuse to drive more people down into poverty .
my first point is that we should not waver in our continuing commitment to multilateral trade rules .
mr president , would it not be possible to do so before the vote tomorrow lunchtime ?
mr president , the european union has a great opportunity to endorse a move to strengthen international law at the next human rights council .
secondly , to leave the right to decide monetary , finance and tax policy to irremovable bank managers in frankfurt who cannot be called to political account is to weaken democracy .
mr president , first of all , i would like to express my deep appreciation for the sterling work done by rapporteur gahler .
this report clarifies institutional and operational aspects arising from the european union signing up to the european convention for the protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms .
reorganisation and winding-up of insurance undertakings
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
11. amending budget no 1 / 2008 (
this policy does not only affect the workers , and the countless micro , small and medium-sized enterprises ; it also hinders regional development in huge areas in countries such as portugal .
i am sure that the day of the vote , when we all face up to our responsibility , will be a good day for everyone .
i have received six motions for resolutions , tabled in accordance with rule 103 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
mr stevenson , we shall certainly take note of your complaint .
the following will thus receive support :
one-minute speeches on matters of political importance
as a member of parliament ’ s delegation to the conciliation committee , i advocated a degree of flexibility , especially for accumulators that allow safety requirements to be met .
safety is particularly important in light of the substantial increase in the speed and capacity of railway lines .
i declare adjourned the session of the european parliament .
sadly , however , some proposals tabled by our group were not adopted , such as those relating to free software .
it is important to maintain good relations with saudi arabia , and this offers an opportunity for both parties to contribute to greater understanding between peoples and cultures .
. madam president , i would like to place on record my appreciation to the general rapporteur , mr mulder , for his attention to our concerns .
( fr ) madam president , i should like to make it clear straight away that i totally disapprove of the remarks that mrs sinclaire has just made against mrs ashton .
mrs jackson , on behalf of the committee on the environment , public health and consumer policy , on the hushkit issue ( b5-0020 / 2000 ) .
first of all , the new agenda is a response to the renewed lisbon agenda. the socialists view the social policy is one of the cornerstones of the european structure .
the russell war crimes tribunal was only what it was in its day , and we should follow its example .
please believe me , mr milinkievitch , when i say that we are particularly happy to have you here with us today .
( the president cut off the speaker )
mr president , our document calls on the european union to give a commitment to making the southern caucasus at the forefront of promoting peace , stability and economic development .
and apart from this , whatever happened to animal welfare ? we talk of animal welfare , but this welfare must begin with food .
– i have no wish to continue this discussion .
the next item is the vote .
( el ) madam president , i listened very carefully to the speeches by the president of the central bank and by jean-claude juncker , for whom i have considerable respect .
mrs ayuso , i must remind you that you have used up one minute and 36 seconds and that furthermore you have not asked any question .
( the sitting was suspended at 11 : 30 and resumed at 12 : 00 )
my second question relates to kosovo. i share his view on what he said here about montenegro , but the biggest problem is , of course , what to do with kosovo .
in the context of the bali conference , the european union should undertake the role of leader in fighting climate changes .
mr president , i just wish to clarify a couple of points .
the vote will take place on wednesday , 25 march 2009 .
madam president , i am very sorry but there is no card there .
finally , on the ever thorny problem of the comitology procedure , we have at last reached agreement on an honourable solution regarding the basis for a modus vivendi .
the european union stands ready to assist .
on the other hand , however , large international corporations can resort to specialist lobbying companies to influence the institutions ' work , aiming to promote the corporations ' own interests first and foremost .
question no 10 by brian crowley ( h-0199 / 98 )
communication of council common positions : see minutes
today we will be voting on good reports and it is now a matter of giving them good support .
therefore , because of this mix of positive and negative features , we abstained from voting during the midnight session in the conciliation procedure and we will do the same today .
we shall now proceed to the vote .
i rejected these amendments and will be instituting infringement proceedings at the european court of justice along with my colleague , mr posselt .
this is why we have voted against this motion for a resolution .
mr president , i have asked to divide my speech into two parts : one now , lasting three minutes , and another lasting two minutes , after the debate .
the next item is the commission statement on the dioxin animal feed incident and its impact on the european union .
i find this very presumptuous and disrespectful to parliaments that have not yet ratified , and particularly to the irish people who are still going into referendum .
16. agreement between the ec and saint kitts and nevis on the short-stay visa waiver (
ladies and gentlemen , i regret that i have some sad news to communicate to you : the passing of our fellow member , professor rolandas pavilionis
we have encountered the following problems : the three fundamental issues that we discussed with the commission were transparency , resources and the length of procedures .
subject : frontex activity on the union 's maritime borders
mr rübig , look upon it as an exceptional decision taken in response to specific requests from the portuguese presidency .
you are aware that we have freedom of expression here , even to be tactless at times .
action taken on parliament 's resolutions : see minutes
( the president cut the speaker off )
the statement by the vice-president of the commission and high representative of the union for foreign affairs and security policy : annual report on human rights ( 2008 ) ,
the main cause of this situation is that the basic criterion for the production of agricultural produce and food is profit rather than global food requirements .
more than 12 members indicated their opposition to the oral amendment
commissioner , mr solana , there is no doubt that you are acting quickly and forcefully and that you have made great progress in certain areas .
secondly , quotas. our rules should not be restrictive but flexible , in order to give european culture a fair chance .
the oral amendment to amendment no 43 can now be clarified .
oil slick off the french coast
13. community civil protection mechanism ( vote )
( the president declared the common position approved as amended )
the vote will take place during the next part-session .
mr president , i would ask that you devote personal attention to this matter .
response of the european union to the deteriorating situation in the east of the democratic republic of congo ( debate )
the next item is the one-minute speeches in accordance with rule 150 .
again i want to thank you , mr president , and i want to thank the house .
madam president , let me first congratulate marisa and my colleagues for reaching an agreement with the council on such a complex dossier .
lulling . ( fr ) in the circumstances , yes .
in writing . ( sv ) we have voted against this report because it is completely skewed towards the special interests of the eu 's banana growers .
sale of consumer goods and guarantees
welfare systems that provide income support and facilitate mobility within the job market must be defined , with the proper shock absorbers , and the work / life balance goals must be achieved .
prompt adoption of the regulation - before the end of 2008 - will enable individuals to quickly benefit from it , which is a priority in this particular case .
- the commission can accept the following amendments in principle : and
i would therefore suggest that only those members who vote against strasbourg should still be allowed to use parliamentary cars .
( the president cut off the speaker )
commissioner , you have to assure a level playing field for entrepreneurial activity in europe to make our continent fit for global competition. we all know china .
madam president , for ethical reasons the group of the european radical alliance is opposed to any form of patenting of human beings or any of their biomolecular elements .
madam president , simplifying and updating this regulation is of major importance in promoting the mobility of workers in the european union .
this body of legal and administrative regulations also applies to movements of radioactive waste originating in the reprocessing plants which the honourable member mentions , namely la hague and sellafield .
recent polls showing a possible victory for the ‘ no ’ vote in the referendum in france on 29 may on the so-called ‘ european constitution ’ have set the alarm bells ringing .
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , my thanks go to mechtild rothe. we support the approach she has chosen and , obviously , her idea for a framework directive .
( pl ) parliament has appealed to the european commission many times for more efficient release of funds to help the victims of natural disasters .
in the words of my countryman oliver cromwell ‘ i beseech you in the bowels of christ , think it possible you may be mistaken ’ .
– madam president , commissioner , my interest in the matter reflects the concerns of civil society .
the european commission with the help of , parliament and council , produces many strategies meant to give guidance and disseminate best practise .
in conclusion , let us remember the extraordinary nature of the earthquake and the strength of the tsunami that hit the fukushima installation and which has started all this process .
i believe it has the potential required to significantly improve the living conditions of our generation and our children 's generation .
the commission was constructive throughout the procedure concerning a payment dispute. as a result , the company concerned received more than eur 100 000 in outstanding payments .
madam president , so as not to delay the debate too much , i would like to make an overall comment regarding all my amendments .
thank you , commissioner bolkestein. we are grateful to you for this analysis .
i am much obliged to commission vice-president barrot .
let us look again at this aspect and make a much greater effort to cut the cost per volunteer so that more people can take up this opportunity .
so where is the progression ? member states are best placed to decide these details ; the principles of subsidiarity should apply .
i am sorry for my pronunciation - my spanish lessons are continuing .
mr president , in recent days , there have been a number of complaints about the ineffectiveness and slowness of the response to the haitian crisis .
the report by mr dumitru stolojan on mutual assistance for the recovery of claims relating to taxes , duties and other measures ,
in a moment i will mention something which several of you have referred to ; competition between ports .
it is extremely important to avoid discrimination against those of us who suffer , as i do , from reduced mobility .
- ( de ) the paciotti report on the ' safe harbour ' agreement has my approval , although it will not solve the problems attending transatlantic data protection for the following reasons :
the commission and the member states are anxious to develop good relations with china , which does not exclude certain disagreements , notably on the issue of human rights .
ladies and gentlemen , having recalled some of the achievements of this mandate , let us now look at what remains for us to do by the end of october .
my question is this : what action does europe plan to take to ensure that this intolerable protectionism and obvious discrimination does not split the newly reunited europe ?
with this single reserve , i approve the report of mrs oomen-ruijten. a simpler and more flexible directive is essential both for the consumer and for the retailer .
i would just like to finish by saying that my group will be voting in favour of the libicki report .
such , mr president , ladies and gentlemen , is the commission ’ s response ; it fully shares the concerns expressed in the report and once again congratulates the rapporteur on her excellent work .
i would urge those who are in a position to make decisions , and to pursue decisions , to ignore the conscientious objectors and get on with it .
mobile satellite services constitute a sector with high potential for europe with applications ranging from high-speed internet access , through mobile broadcasting , to emergency services .
discrimination and equal treatment in the workplace
· a comprehensive nutritional declaration in the ' principal field of vision ' of the packaging is to be introduced .
in writing . - ( pl ) i would like to vote in favour of mrs martens ' report on eu-africa relations .
( cs ) madam president , i should like to congratulate the rapporteurs and to make a few comments , both general and specific , based on my personal experience .
let me , however , make three very brief comments :
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see minutes
the vote will take place on wednesday at 12 noon .
the minutes of yesterday 's sitting have been distributed .
to create a european agency to monitor cultural cooperation ;
mr president , sadly , i could fill the minutes allocated to me listing countries which flagrantly violate human rights , but i will mention a few which are not often highlighted .
please do not make suggestions like that. it has nothing to do with the agenda and all it does is upset the flow of our work .
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
- measures to diversify the economies of countries that are highly dependent on sugar , such as the islands of the caribbean or mauritius .
mr president , i do not want to delay the house , but it would inappropriate if i did not mark that particular announcement on behalf of the whole house .
competence in health matters lies with the member states , as do decisions in the area of ethics ;
president of the commission . - as i said earlier , i cannot comment on specific cases or criminal accusations .
question no 3 by paulo casaca ( h-0401 / 02 ) :
this is an unacceptable proposal ; the people of europe are already fighting against the thrust of it and will continue to do so .
we can clearly see , then , that the situation is also worsening in the large emerging countries .
this amount is twenty times higher than in europe and an amount that represents approximately half of the overall research and development investment gap between the us and europe .
rights of homosexuals in namibia- b5-0264 / 2001 by mrs swiebel and others , on behalf of the pse group ;
following the vote on amendment no 443
can the european council state if it intends to bring forward any new measures to enhance the rights of passengers travelling on european airlines ?
it requires a fight which will free research from the shackles of capital and will use scientific findings from research to satisfy grassroots requirements .
since we have now come to the end of the time set aside for questions to the council , questions nos 18 to 45 will receive written answers .
starting in the ' 90s , expenses of social protection have remained around 28 % of the gross domestic product .
i am pleased that the european union has already announced that it will give the matter due attention in terms of aid .
the following questions are addressed to the council .
9. cfp and the ecosystem approach to fisheries management (
subject : monitoring imports of dangerous consumer goods
mr rübig , i have already sent two or three letters to the relevant belgian authorities , but i will make further representations to them following your request .
i welcome the research but we must do a lot more with regard to making it effective .
i should emphasise that developing tourism could also help reduce inequalities in the regions of south-eastern europe. the focus must therefore be on diversity .
it should read the oecd , at least in these two language versions , and i assume in all the others too .
the next item is the one-minute speeches on matters of political importance .
as the time allotted to questions to the commission has elapsed , questions nos 26 to 58 will be replied to in writing
mr bowis , that will be duly corrected and amended .
thank you , commissioner , for your reply which contains new and very important information for us .
we have to make it abundantly clear that we will not be content with progress that exists only on paper , but demand that women ’ s rights be put into practice .
( mr president , mr president-in office , taoiseach , i am proud to be here today as part of the first sinn féin team in the european parliament . )
bureaucratic processes may be all very well in situations of stable production , but not in a competitive global market , where important decisions often need to be taken quickly .
2. case against rios montt ( vote )
( the sitting was suspended at 1.10 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
in this world there are many inhuman and revolting situations imposed on women and these cause rightful indignation which is largely shared by all .
( the president cut off the speaker )
i can now read to you the declaration by the european union :
on this condition we will vote for the report by mme mosiek-urbahn .
mr dell 'alba , i am sorry , but we have exactly twenty minutes to hold some very important votes .
vice-president of the commission . - ( it ) madam president , ladies and gentlemen , thank you for all the contributions that have been made. i will be very brief .
we shall treat that as an olive branch .
joint motion for a resolution on eu external action priorities
amendments nos 27 , 28 and 29. these amendments raise aspects of the 1991 directive that need no alteration as far as the commission is concerned .
subject : reduced vat for labour intensive activities
as far as category 3 is concerned , it might be worth considering an approach somewhat different from the one you have adopted .
one-minute speeches on matters of political importance
it was apparent even from the first questions that this is a far from easy task .
for this reason we are requesting that a resolution be put to the vote in addition to the debate .
in writing . - i voted in favour of this report as it is important to consider quotas to increase female representation on boards of directors .
the ppe group seems to be making a final judgment on such sensitive points of discussion as the distinction between reproductive and other cloning .
that has now been achieved with ecris , which demonstrates that the new technologies are facilitating the day-to-day operation of justice in the union .
finally , to completely rewrite the treaties was over-ambitious and at the last moment it became evident that a good number of problems had not been dealt with properly .
everywhere in europe , people are increasingly seeing mobility as a right. cities are very much affected by the growth in mobility. urban transport has become a major problem .
if all of these conditions are met , we can anticipate a good future for the new transatlantic dialogue .
mr president , i should like to add my congratulations to the rapporteur for the work he has done on this report .
pursuant to article 103 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure , i have received three motions for resolutions .
in its conclusion , the council also invited the commission to establish a high-level group on literacy and a thematic working group on maths , science and technology .
that concludes questions to the commission .
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , voting on a report devoted to human rights issues should make the house pause and reflect on a dreadful paradox .
europe should instead dare to attack these challenges head on with bold governance proposals .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12.00 noon .
for these and other regions , we support mr rosado fernandes 's report and the position of the executive committee .
i also support amendment 17 , which guarantees publication of the data , thus creating the possibility of using them to come to practical conclusions .
i am glad to vote for this excellent report by my british labour colleague david thomas .
i wish finally to thank our rapporteur , who supported us throughout the negotiations and made a major contribution to our reaching an agreement .
i voted against the report , which was adopted by 379 ' yes ' votes to 27 ' no ' votes and 57 abstentions .
( ro ) council decision 2004 / 512 / ec of 8 june 2004 created the legal framework for capturing biometric data for personal identification .
good neighbourliness is important , especially in international relations , but before one invites the neighbours into one 's own house one should have a good think .
finally , i also have concerns with the role of drug companies in influencing doctors ' prescription habits. could the commissioner comment , please ?
subject : a common eu visa policy
thank you very much for a useful debate. we are certainly ready to assist you further .
agenda of the next sitting : see minutes
consequently , the choice between having a career and raising a family must not be definitive or mandatory and it must be possible to balance these two aspects of life .
why are economic policies orientated towards stability necessary ? because they make it possible to ensure medium-term growth , which will be drawn along by demand and supported by investment .
thank you very much , mr commissioner .
i am voting for this proposal , because i agree with the discharge procedures , with suitable appropriations being proposed for each heading .
i hope that we can improve trade relations with japan and i look forward to further progress in these relations .
i would like to conclude by congratulating mr colajanni .
thank you , mr martin. i think we are all already in something of a holiday mood , but we must now proceed with our work .
hiv / aids causes great suffering and yet parliament at committee stage refused to include all approaches known to be effective .
the commissioner for climate action will therefore have a very important role , externally and internally , to fulfil all our expectations for a strong climate policy in the european union .
verification of the credentials of the new members of the european parliament
this request will be put expressly to the vote tomorrow at 11 a.m.
mr stockmann , as rapporteur , you will have the opportunity to speak at the end of the debate. do you wish to speak now or wait until the end ?
member of the commission. i hope i do .
b5-0351 / 2003 by mr mario mauro , on behalf of the group of the european people 's party ( christian democrats ) and european democrats , on violations of human rights in northern uganda ;
that is why , as rapporteur , and supporter of a european constitution , i want our charter of fundamental rights to be incorporated into this constitution .
the vote will take place on thursday , 10 february 2010 .
the next item is the debate on the council and commission statements on the eu strategy on roma .
the commission will follow up the outcomes of this world summit and incorporate them into its own policies , especially in the development policy field .
i also regret the reductions in appropriations for sectors we consider to be a priority , such as employment , support to european regions in difficulty and solidarity with developing countries .
to sum up , mr president , the voluntarist action adopted by virtue of the proposed regulation is in line with what the public expects .
mr von habsburg has the floor to speak against mr lannoye 's proposal .
as the allotted time for questions to the commission has now expired , questions nos 52 to 89 will be answered in writing .
fourthly , by correctly labelling the relevant concoctions which are widely available on the market , so that they clearly state that they are anabolic substances .
in catalonia , hundreds of jobs are at stake. the fishing practised there is respectful , fully regulated and monitored , in terms of both fisheries management and trade management .
congratulations , mr prodi and mr von wogau. congratulations to all of you .
although significant progress has been recorded , the refusal rates in some member states continue to increase .
( de ) commissioner , i would be interested to know how much these functionaries are costing. what does it cost per year ?
some projects already in the pipeline might be slightly delayed , but as priorities the council believes they will go ahead .
there are , in germany , many businesses engaged in the manufacture of bio-gelatine .
approval of minutes of previous sitting : see minutes
i believe the council cannot give opinions on written declarations , so if you do not mind , mr president , i will not comment .
we can do that , mr leinen .
question no 48 by alexandros alavanos , which has been taken over by mihail papayannakis ( h-0064 / 02 ) :
subject : transfer of unused esf appropriations from objective 4 to objective 3
11. former yugoslav republic of macedonia : progress report 2008 ( vote )
finally , of course , i warmly encourage members of the european parliament to support this possible deal .
thirdly , incentives to abuse the system must be reduced. taxes and social charges payable by companies must be significantly reduced , as must vat on labour-intensive services .
mr president , i understood that a request had been put in for an oral amendment by myself through the alde group secretariat. could you kindly check your notes ?
mrs van bladel , this is neither the time or place to raise that point , so i am not going to answer you in any way .
finally , mr president , the future sixth action programme for the environment , when it is worked out , must explicitly provide for the protection of health from environmental hazards .
mr president , having abused your patience , i impatiently await the criticisms and comments of the other members , both from my group and from others .
i declare the session of the european parliament adjourned .
i therefore wish to emphasise that we are facing a serious problem of animal feed shortages , and the european commission is responsible for dealing with this situation .
for these reasons i voted against the report on the situation of fundamental rights in the european union 2004-2008 .
mr president , the commission welcomes the motions for resolutions regarding the political situation following the un sponsored talks on cyprus in troutbeck and montreux .
subject : member states ' responses to international financial crisis
( the president cut off the speaker )
as the author is not present , question no 10 lapses .
- an effective immigration policy that specifically includes family reunification ;
to make one thing clear , that assessment is transnational , it applies to several countries and not just to one .
- a6-0251 / 2005 by mr guellec , on behalf of the committee on regional development , on the role of territorial cohesion in regional development [ 2004 / 2256 ( ini ) ] ;
in october , the commission will come up with a proposal to review the commission on eurovignette , based on internalizing external costs , including environmentally-related costs .
fourthly , still talking about community production , where do you see the percentage threshold for production outside the eu ?
subject : the use of e111 forms in member states
the vote will take place on wednesday .
b5-0285 / 2000 by mr messner and mrs maes on behalf of the group of the greens / european free alliance
i should like to thank mrs belohorská very much for her very kind personal remarks .
we trust that this particular suggestion will not be incorporated into any future commission proposal .
we have to understand that without international involvement , mexico will not win the war .
as the authors are not present , questions nos 35 to 37 lapse .
( explanation of vote abbreviated in accordance with rule 137 ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure . )
thank you very much for that clarification , commissioner .
i am certainly pleased to do that on behalf of the house , mr alyssandrakis .
( fr ) madam president , you know this since you yourself were disavowed by the european court of justice in an immunity case concerning me .
( parliament decided to postpone the debate )
the next item is the vote .
with regard to parliament 's estimates of revenue and expenditure for 2008 , we wish to highlight just two of the many aspects worthy of consideration .
this would allow the opposition in any country to control the election of the president of the republic .
what problems do the ongoing military operations pose for the provision of humanitarian aid ?
i am drawing the european parliament 's attention to this specific problem because ...
( the president cut off the speaker )
mrs hoff has been kind enough to come here today , and i thank her on behalf of us all .
last night i informed him that parliament understood perfectly well that the crisis created in palestine obliged him to return to his country to take control of the situation .
approval of minutes of previous sitting : see minutes
it will also seek to encourage cooperation between member state customs authorities and private trade and shipping interests in the fight against drug trafficking .
excuse me , madam president , but he is saying that i take money from these people , he cannot say that ...
mr president , we would like to congratulate mr poettering , whom the weekend has brought to his senses. last thursday , we ...
mr president , i broadly welcome the commission 's proposals and would like to make some concrete points .
- before the vote on paragraph 6
mr kelly , perhaps you could restate your question very briefly if you would not mind. the first part of your question was not very clear .
only by voting in favour of the report today can we ensure that future international discussions of nuclear matters will be dealt with in a democratically responsible way .
finally , i regret the fact that so little , if anything at all , is said about the need to review moral and ethical standards in television .
the european parliament has adopted today , wednesday 20 october , the report by its special committee on the financial , economic and social crisis .
( the sitting was closed at 12.08 a.m. )
( the president cut the speaker off )
– madam president , i should like to thank mr solana for his report .
the vote will take place at 5.30 p.m. today .
i thank mr coveney. his compliments to the shadow rapporteurs are more than returned. he has done an excellent job and it is a very good report .
the commission can accept the following amendments as part of the compromise package : 7 , 15 , 23 ( if reworded ) , 25 , 36 , 38 , 46 , 47 , 48 , 59 and 65 .
only if we draw the necessary conclusions from the mishandling of this crisis will we be able to prevent a repetition of the errors that were made .
we have constructed a common discourse based on four pillars .
it is vital for the countries not in the euro to be able to remain outside the euro area without losing power over matters directly concerning the euro .
b5-0223 / 2003 by mr wurtz , on behalf of the confederal group of the united european left / nordic green left , on human rights in cuba .
( ga ) madam president , speaking personally , i am against the proposals regarding 25 additional members , although mr duff has many other good suggestions .
closures such as this underline again the need to work to put the european employment strategy fully in place to prevent long-term unemployment and to promote new employment .
that creating ' clean banks ' will be a strong weapon for combating money laundering is in my view the opposite of likely in more than one respect .
as the authors are not present , questions nos 16 and 17 lapse .
subject : passage of oil tankers through the waters of the azores , the canaries and madeira
mr president , i , too , wish to welcome my dublin colleague , ruairi quinn , the irish minister for finance and the president-in-office of ecofin , to parliament this afternoon .
( for details of the outcome of the vote : see minutes )
we must stop the desertification of the homokhátság !
can the council confirm this information ? does it propose to intervene with the member state in question ?
questions nos 55 to 58 will be answered in writing .
good quality bluefin tuna has a high commercial value , which is the reason why operators have tried to escape controls , frequently disrespecting legislation .
madam president , the cologne council launched two processes for institutional reform which , to our mind , avoid the fundamental issues .
i also endorsed a similar amendment calling for cabin crew to hold an identical qualification .
regional policy is an area of concepts , policy measures and action , which takes the relevant parts of national policy and adapts it to its own objectives and strategies .
those are the basic reasons why i cannot possibly support this report .
as chairman of the french national food council , i should like to commend the measures taken by our minister to reassure both consumers and the breeders of unaffected livestock .
relations between the european union and chile are excellent at the moment , and a european parliamentary delegation will soon be visiting santiago .
the vote will take place at the end of the debates .
also , a high percentage of disabled people are of retirement age. measures targeted on employment will therefore only reach a limited number of disabled people .
2. joint undertaking to develop the new generation european air traffic management system ( sesar ) (
we therefore voted against this motion for a resolution .
my vote is in line with the consensus that was reached yesterday in the trialogue .
in writing . - ( fr ) i voted in favour of this text .
clearer marking and identification of vessels ,
i wish the polish presidency every success .
the next item is the report by janusz onyskiewicz , on behalf of the committee on foreign affairs , on the new eu-russia agreement .
the intelligent transport systems and the development of green areas should be integrated into the new urban mobility policy .
i would urge all members to support this resolution .
the next item is the continuation of the debate on mr poignant 's report .
15. economic and trade relations with korea ( vote )
against the opinion of the committee on budgets , the european parliament has decided only to adopt the measures to help the beef sector and to reject the other proposals .
( the president interrupted the speaker ) ... give a precise answer because the whole of athens is up in arms about it .
madam president , i , like other members , would like to thank mr trakatellis for his perseverance .
seventhly , that means that approximately 33 % of all takings go on good causes and tax. in the event of liberalisation of the private sector this would be just 3 % .
fourthly , aid must continue under programmes such as phare and tacis with a view to improving reactor safety .
question no 13 by bill newton dunn ( h-0405 / 02 ) :
in writing . - ( pl ) sheep farming is one of the sectors of animal production that has received less attention recently in comparison to pig or cattle farming .
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on friday , 7 july 2000 .
section iv - court of justice ,
the next item is the joint debate on
terrorism is not a recent phenomenon. the threats are new , however , and the tools used by the terrorists are new and more sophisticated .
my question is : why is the european union still financing israel and why has the european union 's high representative , mr solana , who is in israel , not condemned these murders ?
subject : euro-mediterranean dialogue and the status of women
( the speaker agreed to take a blue card question under rule 149 ( 8 ) )
in other words , who is going to pay the taxes to finance this situation ? the gods of the stadium or old people on their last legs ?
we will take questions to the commission .
in writing . - ( pl ) mr president , i am voting in favour of accepting mr martin 's report on the trade and economic relations with korea .
france to mobilise the fund with regard to a disaster caused by storm xynthia .
i would therefore ask you to confirm how each member state spends the european citizens ’ money .
5. agreement between the ec and australia on certain aspects of air services ( vote )
b5-0642 / 2000 by mrs frassoni and mr knörr-borràs , on behalf of the verts / ale group , on the reconstruction of the areas affected by the floods in venezuela in december 1999 ;
we shall now proceed to the vote .
6.15 p.m. to 7 p.m. : question time to the council .
mr president , i too would like to start by congratulating mrs lienemann on her excellent work .
5. the implementation of the european security strategy in the context of the esdp ( vote )
to conclude , i would like to say that the eu should help russia to develop and strengthen democracy , the rule of law and the protection of human rights .
this is why we have voted against .
the second arrangements are for the least developed countries , which were radically improved by the ' everything but arms ' initiative. they are not affected by this proposal .
question no 54 by richard howitt ( h-0217 / 99 )
i therefore also ask you to withdraw your proposal , commissioner .
question no 4 by mihail papayannakis ( h-0272 / 02 ) :
the next item is the report by nirj deva , on behalf of the committee on development , on eu relations with the pacific islands a strategy for a strengthened partnership .
as the time allotted to question time has elapsed , questions nos 61 to 95 will be replied to in writing
– the next item is the report by mr langen on behalf of the committee on economic and monetary affairs on the enlargement of the euro zone [ 2006 / 2103 ( ini ) ] ( a6-0191 / 2006 ) .
in writing . - ( fr ) i voted in favour of the report by my colleague belge bart staes on statistics on pesticides .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i thank you for this debate centring on mr cramer ’ s excellent report. i shall restrict myself to four remarks .
a more effective eu policy for the south caucasus - a black sea regional policy approach ( debate )
. – the resolution is a wish list which is not up to the serious problem threatening the future of the planet .
the serious restriction of export activity that results from this new directive will be severely detrimental to the european economy .
mr posselt , we had to complete the first round of speakers from all the political groups. that is why there has been a delay of three minutes .
in this light , i would very much urge the commission to reconsider its response and to come up with a plan of action soon .
eu / un partnership on development and humanitarian issues
situation in the korean peninsula ( debate )
the next item is the council and commission statements on the situation in georgia .
( several members loudly voice their opposition , waving flags and banners and chanting : ' referendum ! ' )
( es ) - mr president , following consultation with the political groups signing the joint resolution , we wish to request a change in the structure of paragraph 3 .
4. specific programme ' civil justice ' ( 2007-2013 ) ( vote )
1. financial year 2008 as modified by the council ( vote )
thank you , president soares. i am sure that you will represent the european parliament well in macao , even if , as a portuguese person , your heart will be slightly heavy .
( the sitting was suspended at 1.18 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
rapporteur . - mr president , i look forward to this debate , and particularly to hearing from those who are not so keen on enhancing transparency and public access to documents .
( de ) mr president , i would like to thank commissioner oettinger for taking such a serious-minded and responsible approach to this issue .
the order of business is thus adopted .
thirdly , adjustment of the relevant multilateral rules .
i believe that the three institutions have made a great effort .
i voted for this report to give solvit centres a boost in resolving the complaints submitted by both citizens and companies .
mr president , the current position of organic agriculture and its potential development are explained in mrs barthet-mayer 's report , precisely and in detail , and i therefore warmly congratulate her .
but candidate states have to pay special attention to rectifying these problems before it is possible for them to join the european union .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 p.m.
no , there has been no request for a separate vote on that paragraph .
we would also like to emphasize the need for this type of agreement with third countries to be subject to improved scrutiny with regard to the budget .
is that what you said yesterday , mr berthu ?
these amendments were designed and agreed on with the responsible authorities , including the maltese standards authority .
in writing . - ( pt ) it will be said that the effects of the recent nato summit in bucharest made themselves felt in the vote of this house today .
development of the community 's railways - certification of train drivers operating locomotives and trains on the railway system in the community - rail passengers ' rights and obligations ( debate )
as regards asserting regional operational programmes of the erdf , the question of absorption rates for the waste-water sector should be addressed to the competent regional authorities .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
that is , in fact , quite right. the request was submitted with the resolution .
our condemnation of the attacks is fair and necessary , but insufficient : the principle of reciprocity does not appear in this resolution .
most importantly , it recognizes the differences in the new security situation : the fact that peacekeeping in conflict prevention is now so important .
europe has always been attentive to problems associated with the overexploitation of wild species and illegal trade in fauna and flora .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
i shall now put the request from the committee on legal affairs and the internal market for a postponement to the vote .
i hope that mr mccreevy will do everything he can to ensure that this parliament 's will in this regard is implemented .
the peneda – de rossa proposal is an outstanding one not only in professional and political terms but also as a moral achievement .
there are two proposals in this report which we do not agree with even though we voted for the report as a whole .
questions which have not been answered for lack of time will be answered in writing ( see annex ) .
i can inform you that many members submitted this question. we cannot be too careful at the moment , which is , admittedly , an extremely testing time .
the minutes of yesterday ' s sitting have been distributed .
to what extent have these been attained at a time when statistics tell us that youth unemployment is still very high ?
as the participants begin the implementation of the third programme , peace iii ,
10. use of sexual violence in conflicts in north africa and the middle east (
a period of 24 hours , as stipulated in the rules of procedure ?
mr president , for a long time europe has needed a common immigration policy based , as in the united states , on control rather than on assistance for integration .
if we assess the situation of human rights in 2008 , with particular regard to the relevant eu policy , we still have cause for concern .
question no 47 by sören wibe ( h-0210 / 98 )
firstly , changes are needed in our penal system in general .
the threat of imported cheap labour is a reality , brought in through the back door by unscrupulous employers under the guise of free movement .
the next item is voting time .
the socialist group therefore believes that the proposal for a directive must be substantially modified , establishing very clear limitations , so as not to undermine the nature of industrial patenting .
as the author is not present , question no 6 lapses .
as the time allotted to questions to the council has elapsed , questions nos 13 to 29 will be replied to in writing
european statistical governance advisory board - european statistical advisory council ( debate )
question no 3 by nikitas kaklamanis ( h-0227 / 99 )
( it ) madam president , ladies and gentlemen , our vote on the report was very diverse and rich in ideas on how to improve our actions to prevent environmental disasters .
, . – we express our heartfelt condolences to the families of the victims of beslan .
as the time allocated to question time is at an end , questions nos 20 to 34 will be answered in writing
subject : strengthening and funding grassroots sporting organisations in the eu
all the amendments of the gue / ngl group in this regard were rejected .
this is a case of the proverbial ostrich with its head buried in the sand ...
the intention was to amend the rules that currently require all feed materials in a compound feedingstuff to be indicated with a declaration of percentage by weight .
- before the vote on amendment 23 :
new working methods also imply that all national customs authorities are well equipped with skills , competences and resources that can maintain and increase their efficiency and effectiveness .
we are bringing eu legislation into international disrepute and undermining its credibility by this growing lack of scientific rigour and lack of good science .
some of these points raise difficult questions and i would like to refer in particular to the concepts of copyright concerning employees .
i should like to finish off by saying that the two amendments tabled by mr fjellner and others enjoy my full support .
ladies and gentlemen , i invite you to join me in a minute 's silence for these two incidents .
our vote is in line with the need for those running smes not to endure unnecessary tax burdens or inappropriate regulation .
what was the cause ? who failed in their duties ? does society not understand politicians ? or perhaps it is the politicians who have lost touch with ordinary people ?
community strategy to reduce co2 emissions from passenger cars and light-commercial vehicles ( debate )
to conclude , i wish kosovo and all its citizens every success and all the best for the future .
accept / acceptable in principle : 3 8 12 17 27 36 44 48 56 57 75 90 91 93 99 111 114 117 119
the european parliament can and must make its contribution. the report by martin schulz gives us the opportunity .
you see how it was a precision landing .
madam president , i should like to focus on the internet part of this directive .
this , as the report says , is where the eu , the commission and this parliament have to redouble their efforts .
i therefore entirely agree with the rapporteur 's criticism of the common position , and with the recommendation from the committee on the environment .
finally , i would like to congratulate the swedish presidency .
help for workers to change jobs quickly and sustainably ;
this entire issue and everyone involved are far removed from the real interests and needs of the workers and citizens of the various countries that make up the eu .
the vote will take place at 5.30 p.m.
( nl ) i am delighted that the opel dossier is back on the agenda today , although i note that the european commission statement contains very little news .
these measures ensure that the food standards applied in the export sector of third countries trading with the eu meet eu food safety requirements .
finally , i would like to take the opportunity to thank you for allowing me to speak here today .
the third point is the introduction of elements of stability into sporting competitions in order to ensure their equity and regularity .
our group has faith in the mediterranean , and wants the european union to accord to it the strategic , economic and political importance it once had .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
i should say and make it clear that , yes , it will be difficult to make progress in cancún .
10. use by parliament of the symbols of the union ( new rule 202a ) (
where the animals are obviously over six months of age , then , of course , individual tagging must take place for the reason i have already identified .
the report by janusz lewandowski , on behalf of the committee on budgets , on the draft general budget of the european union for the financial year 2009
i hope it will not take six years before all workers in europe enjoy the same rights .
in spite of several of the good intentions , i have therefore chosen to vote against both the own-initiative report and the alternative proposal for a resolution .
as they deal with the same subject , the following questions will be taken together :
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11.30 a.m.
we will not achieve our strategic objective of increased competition and improved quality through a contrived comprehensive cover approach , but rather through the key concept of ' partnership ' .
these allegedly moral judgments on a situation , the complexity of which human rights zealots fail to see , discredit a european union which is undoubtedly very immature .
mr president , on a point of order , may i suggest that you extend the time available for this one-minute speech ?
( fi ) madam president , we have to remember what the role of a member of the european parliament is. we represent our member states and those who voted for us .
i am , therefore , confident that the council will take into consideration parliament 's position whenever it contributes to improving and clarifying the objectives of the directive .
thank you , mr busquin , for your statement .
. the financial services action plan came into being one year before the ‘ lisbon strategy ’ , yet it is one of its key pillars .
mrs krehl 's report also recognises the major obstacles to the preparation of such projects , including :
finally , tomorrow i am flying to greece , where i will be on a two-day full visit and we will , of course , discuss all these questions in detail there .
question no 2 by glyn ford , which has been taken over by andrew nicholas duff ( h-0267 / 02 ) :
the next item is the council statement on swift .
mr president , honourable members , i have been listening carefully to what you have been saying and i shall comment briefly on the four things you mentioned .
( the president declared the common position approved ( as amended ) )
we will now suspend the sitting. we will return to the explanations of vote after the formal sitting .
mr president , i would like to express my great concern regarding the continuing civil war in somalia .
the vote will take place tomorrow .
b5-0071 / 99 by mrs muscardini , on behalf of the uen group , on the situation in dagestan ;
but secrecy should be the exception , not the rule .
- madam president , honourable members , i am honoured to be able to speak in this august house .
( the sitting was closed at 11.45 p.m. )
finally , i would like to assure you that eu mine action will remain a prominent element of eu external action and to thank you again for this important report .
othmar karas is , of course , from austria , but he was talking on behalf of herbert reul .
that will be corrected , mr poignant .
i abstained on the final vote on this resolution on both substantive and procedural grounds .
this is a report which stinks of unnecessary regulation , hidden protectionism and major costs for the taxpayer. therefore i urge you all to vote against it tomorrow .
– a blue eu passport , and much more .
· implementation of article 100 ( 2 ) of the treaty , which provides for additional community funding in the event of natural disasters ;
( the sitting was adjourned at 8.10 p.m and resumed at 9.00 p.m. )
first lesson : we must very quickly rethink our production methods in order to be prepared for a vital ecological revolution .
yes , women encounter specific difficulties. however , as usual in this house , the initial intention was good , but it has led to a distorted analysis and wild proposals .
that concludes questions to the commission .
madam president , mrs ashton , may i take this opportunity to thank mr arlacchi for the constructive atmosphere in which we have worked .
subject : tax-free sales and international conventions
i am fighting for a civic europe - a europe of citizens .
- before the vote on amendment 3
should we fear a shortage of labour ? should we fear an imbalance between the working population and those who are dependent ?
madam president , i believe that in this debate we must distinguish between two things , as the representative of the commission has said .
this agreement is also important for the benefits it provides from the technical and legal points of view .
consequently , it is important to grant special status to the victims of violence , rape and forced prostitution , allowing them temporary residence in the country concerned and some financial support .
these are her words : ' a resolute policy against tax evasion ' . if that were true , would not the commission include some suggestions for abolishing these tax havens ?
read report ( a4-0023 / 98 ) and the camisón asensio report ( a4-0027 / 98 )
for some countries , textiles or electronics may be just as important as car making. what action can be expected ?
mr president , i find it astounding that people in this house who are elected to hold the executive to account should vote against the proposal .
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
i welcome mr bangemann , who joined us during the previous debate .
i should like to correct you , madam president. you said that the question concerns the ‘ problem ’ of montenegro. i believe it is a challenge rather than a problem .
the vote will take place on thursday at 11 a.m.
3. community plant variety rights ( vote )
i should like to thank the president-in-office for his answer and also to wish him well for the swedish presidency .
through the education training 2010 work programme , it has used the open method of coordination to develop good practice and peer learning on early school-leaving .
the vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.
madam president , president of the commission , president-in-office of the council , i have chosen to speak swedish today , since it is my country ' s second native language .
mr president , having listened to the speeches by the two honourable members on the crime being perpetrated in the middle east against the palestinian people , i totally agree .
the unanimity of the member states enabled the council to impose taxation on a ‘ temporary / permanent ’ basis in the sovereign country of consumption .
mr vandemeulebroucke , please be assured that this very afternoon your question is going to be submitted to the bureau and you will receive all the necessary explanations .
the minutes of yesterday 's sitting have been distributed .
let me conclude by just saying that the rapporteur takes a positive view of all the amendments proposed , with the exception of amendment no 7 .
is it necessary to ask whether , in the current european parliament , with its already considerable legislative or colegislative powers , there is any room for part-time members ?
( es ) mr president , commissioner , we agree with the aims of this ' health check ' , but not all the proposed measures .
the european union already has instruments for fighting these worrying problems within the policy areas of justice and security , and also the information society and internal market rules .
mr president , i thank the commission for raising this important issue for animals and humans .
subject : policy in favour of small enterprises
yes , he is very happy to go !
the benefits of objective 1 status are very clear :
in writing . - i support this report as it is key to the post-crisis recovery and to addressing the major challenges in society .
( the sitting was closed at 12.15 a.m. )
mr president , there is no contradiction here , because the entire system is a transitional regime. the words ' transitional arrangement ' are therefore appropriate in this context .
( the sitting was suspended for a few moments before question time )
( it ) mr president , ladies and gentlemen , female poverty is a long-standing issue that has historic causes and is certainly not the product of an economic crisis .
( the sitting was closed at 9.55 p.m. )
( de ) mr president , this is long overdue , and i would like to thank the rapporteur most warmly .
... officials do exist who satisfy both those requirements - i deny that categorically .
do you have any comment on this ?
i would like to thank you very much and to wish you success after this remarkable beginning .
following negotiations with the council , the directive has been improved , especially on the following points :
secondly , the research obligations from annex ii have now been formulated in such a way as not to constitute an unnecessary barrier to measures .
without this access , the goal of achieving a fully integrated and functioning eu internal energy market by 2014 will be undermined .
( ro ) i too wish to join those who have expressed their condolences to the nigerian people following the death of president umaru yar 'adua .
b5-0467 / 2000 by krivine , seppänen , vinci and cossutta , on behalf of the gue / ngl group ;
along with most of the members of this house , my plea is that we should seek the sensible compromise for which we are all ready .
mr president-in-office of the council , the german presidency has had to assert itself within a particularly dramatic context .
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
i am also delighted by the measures designed to protect women and children from all forms of violence , including slavery , honour crimes , human trafficking and polygamy .
does that group wish to explain its proposal ?
it is important that teacher training courses should offer potential teachers the opportunity to be aware of what teaching materials are available and how they can fit into curricula .
we consider that 60 amendments have to be rejected. the commission 's opinion on the individual amendments has been provided in writing
pursuant to rule 37 ( 2 ) i have received seven motions for resolution to wind up the debate .
i wish to make clear that for my group at all times the paramount concern has been the health of the people of the european union .
i would like to finish by focusing once again on structural changes , since a large part of unemployment in europe is structural in nature. for this reason we must :
active presence : the ec will further exploit the already extensive opportunities for active ec participation in the work of the governing bodies of priority un entities .
i therefore approve of the hegyi report in the hope that european wilderness areas can be better preserved for enjoyment by future generations .
asean countries are pressuring the union to lift that ban. can i have your assurance that you will not give in to such pressure ?
in conclusion , i welcome the fact that the european competition directorate is now investigating banks suspected of overcharging customers for transaction costs post- january 1999 .
mr president , i will be extremely brief because i am conscious of the fact that unavoidably my first contribution was long .
author . - mr president , members of parliament have been extremely worried about the recent clampdown on the freedom of the press by the venezuelan regime .
the next item is the debate on the oral question to the council on
the vote will be taken at 5.30 p.m.
with regard to the second question , i would also appreciate a response on whether or not a campaign will be carried out .
we welcome the initiative in the report to the effect that monetary policy should also be linked to the level of unemployment and not only to price stability .
subject : collapse in dairy prices on the eu market
the vote will be taken at 6.30 p.m.
i would thank you and would once again like to congratulate the commission on the line it is currently taking .
( sk ) the issue of fundamental procedural rights in criminal proceedings is one of the key topics that should resonate in the field of justice and internal relations .
17. short selling and certain aspects of credit default swaps (
we joined the fight against terrorism to defend human rights. now we need to be involved in helping the united states to defend human rights .
yes , mr fayot , we have examined these amendments very carefully. they do not replace the text in its entirety , but only part of the text .
fifth , good quality land should be seen as a strategic asset in the reform of the common agricultural policy .
i understand your point , mr van velzen , and the necessary corrections will be made .
the vote will take place on tuesday 11 december 2007 .
commissioner , on behalf of my group i insist that this work must continue as quickly as possible .
in conclusion , we need an integrated strategy for developing european transport which protects the environment , but without internalisation of external costs affecting the competitiveness of road transport .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
oral questions and written declarations ( submission ) : see minutes
the next item is the final version of the draft agenda , as drawn up by the conference of presidents , pursuant to rule 110 of the rules of procedure .
let us see things as they are , mr president !
i would like to congratulate mrs pack on the clarity of her report and the fairness of the proposals she has made to improve the socrates programme .
i consider it positive that the new cooperation framework is not a compilation of individual objectives and means , but reflects an overall approach based on equality and reciprocity .
the sitting was suspended at 4.36 p.m. and resumed at 5 p.m.
this is what i wanted to say , madam , in an attempt to clarify the reasons why the commission does not accept this amendment .
( the president cut off the speaker )
( the sitting was closed at 8.15 p.m. )
the report we have adopted today covers these guidelines in general terms , and has therefore won my support .
the reduced budget implementation of the structural and cohesion funds is one of the reasons for submitting this amending budget for 2006 .
this is a subject that should be examined further but , given the time constraints , i will stop here for the time being .
( the sitting was opened at 9.05 a.m. )
in writing . - ( fr ) it is with great regret that i have decided to abstain on mrs buitenweg 's report on equal treatment .
mr president , the attitude of the council towards the middle east is characterised by extreme leniency. this is , without doubt , because of the unanimity of opinion .
mr president , thank you for your trouble. however , i would like the minutes to show that this house regrets that the presidency is not represented at this important debate .
( the president cut the speaker off )
rising food prices in the european union and developing countries ( debate )
we swedish social democrats have chosen to grant discharge to the european parliament for the financial year 2009 .
( the president cut off the speaker )
what measures and initiatives are to be undertaken to assist the development of vocational training schemes in the maghreb countries ? what are the expected results of such action ?
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i should like , very briefly and concisely , to make three observations on the planned revision of the common fisheries policy .
mr president , i would like to ask three sets of questions in the very generous allocation of 120 seconds given to me this afternoon .
– b5-0439 / 03 tabled by astrid thors , on behalf of the eldr group ;
the implementation of this report could damage our attempts to try to retain and possible create jobs without eroding the social model .
are there any objections to the inclusion of this oral amendment ?
who wishes to speak in support of this request ?
once again , i thank parliament for bringing to our attention all those important issues , and i am looking forward to the debate today .
commissioner , it is working women , it is working-class women who are being crushed by the anti-grass roots policy , because wealthy women have no such problems .
i can inform the council and the commission that parliament offers courses in modern greek , if needed , in order to help with the pronunciation of mr dimitrakopoulos ’ s name .
mr president , we are debating a very important subject , namely the exercise of television broadcasting activities .
- the need to pay particular attention to women , particularly older women , unemployed and low-income women , migrant women , women belonging to ethnic minorities and women with disabilities .
solving unemployment is the greatest challenge facing the european union today. it cannot be accepted that 18 million europeans are unable to find work .
madam president , the conciliation committee is of the view that the president of parliament should vote on that matter ...
mr president , commissioner diamantopoulou , mr katiforis , well done on this initiative , well done on the content of this report. i believe that it comes at an important time .
one-minute speeches on matters of political importance
the proposal is structured around three main areas .
mr sérgio ribeiro 's report on the plan of action for increasing competitiveness in the textile and clothing industry deserves our full support .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
composition of committees and delegations : see minutes
these reports have been useful. but we need further information on this subject before we can come to a rational policy decision .
( parliament decided to postpone the vote and the matter is therefore considered referred back to the competent committee for further examination )
i am working very closely with commissioner piebalgs , whose involvement in the preparation of the security and development strategy is essential , to ensure the necessary resources for its implementation .
madam president , i voted in favour of the directive on life assurance .
that is the end of voting time .
however , this resolution has no impact on the legislative process. it is up to the council to reach a unanimous decision .
finally , i am sorry to see that the compromise negotiated with the council no longer contains many of the guarantees suggested by mrs ayala sender to protect privacy .
in relation to everything else , we fully agree with the rapporteur ' s views .
mr president , the overwhelming majority of aragonese people do not want to be plundered. we therefore defend , and will continue to defend wherever necessary , our position of ‘ no diversion ’ .
mrs mckenna , i agree that it would be beneficial if you , should you so wish , instructed the relevant committee .
we cannot agree with the rapporteur ’ s proposal with regard to the difference between animals intended for slaughter and animals intended to live. dignified transportation affects both equally .
( written statement abbreviated in accordance with rule 120 ( 7 ) of the rules of procedure ) .
( for results and other details of the votes : see minutes )
. having always been a campaigner for an industrial europe and , therefore , for a european industrial policy , i have supported mrs zrihen ’ s excellent work and followed it with interest .
the debate on topical and urgent subjects of major importance is closed .
thank you , mr santer. through its applause , the house has shown how much it has appreciated the dignity with which you have acted throughout this period. thank you .
diversity , a source of mutual openness and wealth , is the genuine meaning of european unity and a genuine counter-balance to the homogenising tendencies of globalisation .
i am also thinking of taiwan. for weeks , peking has been threatening a military attack in the event of taiwan deciding to hold a referendum on formal independence .
( the speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under rule 149 ( 8 ) )
i believe , however , that in the light of the treaty of lisbon , the european parliament should be represented in future discussions on international conventions .
the joint debate is closed .
( fr ) madam president , i should like to put a question to baroness ashton concerning the europe of defence and also nato .
will the council - following the democratic principle of subsidiarity - involve all the parliaments of the constitutional regions when it chooses a form of convention ?
finally , i want to congratulate mr garcía-margallo y marfil and mr kuckelkorn for two important reports designed to create a competitive europe .
although there are to be various transitional arrangements for the applicant countries in the environmental field , there should be no transitional arrangements where nuclear safety is concerned !
at the end of the debate , i have received seven motions for resolutions pursuant to rule 103 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure ( 1 ) . the debate is closed .
i am very pleased about that ! thank you .
the mission of the eu political directors tomorrow will indeed be a very useful opportunity to confirm our wholehearted support for georgia at this very difficult juncture .
i welcome the commission 's strong support for this process and its stated aim of proposing binding measures on companies if voluntary measures fail to increase women 's representation .
let us develop our response in this issue , but let us also not underestimate the efforts which have been made so far .
once again , i would like to express my very sincere thanks !
does the commission feel it is possible or necessary to introduce an eu-wide senior citizens ' card ?
i conclude by calling for greater efforts to be made by the commission and the council to circulate the european union annual report on human rights .
mr commissioner. i should just like to ask again about amendment no 42 and to hear the views of the commission on it .
mr president , i am only here to say bravo , christine ! we support you. get on with it !
the greek communist party supports the united , anti-imperialist fight of the peoples of the balkans and opposition to the us / nato / eu policy .
free and unregulated movement of capital and the existence of offshore financial centres ;
as the internet is no respecter of national frontiers cooperation between member states to tackle this reprehensible practice is vital .
in our view , given the particular significance of 1 may , international labour day , there is no question of working on that day .
it is an extremely positive outcome both for the french presidency of the european union and for the european parliament .
mr wijsenbeek , the rules also say that in an exceptional case the reasons must be stated , and that has been done .
this is not the time to debate this matter , mr gollnisch .
we indeed have a new rapporteur who has taken over the report. mr vigenin , if you care to take the floor , i will allow you to do so briefly .
generally speaking , we thank the rapporteur for drawing attention to the problems involved and look forward to the re-organised programme being more effective and more satisfactory .
( the sitting was closed at 11.45 p.m. )
nonetheless , it should be emphasised that the sustainable development strategy refers to all three aspects of sustainable development , namely the social , economic and environmental problems .
6. placing on the market and use of biocidal products (
( the president declared the two common positions approved )
4. whether this court will perhaps eventually be used to try those who resist the new imperialist order ?
question no 12 by joachim wuermeling ( h-0364 / 02 ) , which has been taken over by mrs müller :
the next item is the one-minute speeches on matters of political importance .
- before the vote on recital c :
i would finally like to express a few considerations .
. ( it ) we can only agree on the perspective presented : the priorities of the accession of ten new states and stability and sustainable growth cannot be denied or rejected .
i agree with the report on very many issues , so i shall just mention three points where your comments really struck me .
( it ) mr president , is it possible to put the list of amendments back on the screen ?
these are the concrete answers to the concrete questions .
on behalf of the alde group . - madam president , the fact is that iraq is not secure. that is a fact .
i would also urge professional bodies in the sector to agree on a harmonised accommodation rating system and to set up public-private partnerships for that purpose .
. mr president , commissioner figel , ladies and gentlemen .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the common position we are discussing at the moment has a short but intense history .
that , madam president , is what i wanted to say about this report .
finally , mr president , the closure of vilvorde is not just a one-off case. the workers have every reason to oppose it and my group supports them in their fight .
• research-intensive sme required in leadership role
secondly the euro will provide the european union with better protection against external shocks which means a fundamental improvement on the present european monetary system .
mr bardong : 225 votes mr killilea : 182 votes mr paasio : 216 votes mr viola : 171 votes
a5-0303 / 2001 by mr turchi , on behalf of the committee on budgets , on
it has become necessary to broaden the definition of ' public ' as much as possible .
ensure mutual trust between the member states with regard to border control ,
the renegotiation of the contentious points of the agreements on the basis of an open and flexible approach ,
i believe that europe can and must do more for employees who are facing difficulties .
i therefore support this report and the main amendments which seek to extend the offer to consumers by reinforcing competition .
mr president , i too would like to congratulate the rapporteur and all colleagues who have worked on this report for keeping this issue in the spotlight .
that is the added value of the european union .
the desperate appeal coming from those refugees from famagusta who are still alive is : ' help us to go back home ' . let us help them , commissioner. now is the time .
our resolution enables us to take a strong stand against these attacks on people ’ s freedoms and to condemn the states that carry them out .
ladies and gentlemen , i firmly believe that this will lead to a deformation of the international credit market at the expense of taxpayers .
we are therefore very aware of the relevance of the question raised by the honourable member .
i would like finally to say that it would be very useful for europol and interpol to be able to cooperate in this work as much as they can .
the committee on constitutional affairs adopted an amendment seeking to add the following sentence to article 289 of the ec treaty :
in any case , both seem committed to taking the exploitation and oppression of the workers and peoples to new levels .
the commission rejects amendments 12 , 16 , 35 , 44 , 48 , 53 , 59 , 61 , 65 , 69 and 72 .
- i shall make sure that your point concerning the agenda is communicated to the conference of presidents , which fixes the agenda - sometimes it makes mistakes .
3. enhancing the quality of life of older people (
i wish the presidency well in finding an agreement which will serve as council ’ s negotiating position for the definitive negotiation with parliament .
let me express my amazement , mr president , at the commission 's ingenuousness with regard to some of these crucial issues .
being a demanding european , i will make that my priority .
preparatory work for the stockholm european council ( 23 / 24 march 2001 )
be that as it may , the pitfall to avoid is both that of weakening existing union policies , particularly the common agricultural policy , and of disappointing applicant countries .
. i see no objection to that , and i personally agree with it. thank you very much .
this said , mr president , i will conclude by insisting on the fact that the commission should truly establish the principle of public utility .
hence our vote against the report .
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting
( the sitting was suspended at 7.30 p.m. and resumed at 9 p.m. )
finally , i want to say that he will be as welcome in ireland as the queen of england and president obama , who are also coming .
on behalf of the gue / ngl group . - ( it ) madam president , ladies and gentlemen , i participated in the nairobi climate conference , which produced some significant statements and commitments .
if you uphold the promise of transparency made in december and start holding council meetings in public , citizens will better understand the union .
3. financing instrument for the promotion of democracy and human rights worldwide (
b5-0368 / 2002 submitted by mr collins on behalf of the union for europe of the nations group , on the situation in nepal ;
subject : role of eu research in relation to european food policy
the united kingdom , a member of the council , is illegally occupying iraq .
solidarity mechanisms are being preserved , although we will not see them increase in importance , as i would have wished .
he who is not punished for a greater crime will be punished for a lesser crime .
( el ) mr president , experts in the eu member states have come out almost unanimously against the commission 's proposal to lift the ban on the import of chlorinated poultry .
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting
finally , we also need our own resources , and the sooner we have them , the less time we will have or need for debating budgets every year .
( parliament gave its assent to including the oral amendment )
this problem has already been dealt with by the relevant services .
i think it is quite correct that we dropped the rapporteur 's first proposal to cap or to restrict the number of parliamentary questions that could be asked .
the aims of state policy are determined , as before , regardless of the opinion and interests of the country 's citizens .
this is a record. it is also a record that we have taken less than 150 hours to arrive at the first and only reading of this sab 4 .
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
they are always well meaning but , unless you have the follow-through and the financial support , such reports will be doomed to fail .
this will go a long way towards redressing the problems of rural depopulation in ireland , which has reached very high proportions in recent years .
the commission does not and has never advocated the privatisation of public services. we believe public services are an important part of our european model of society .
secondly , madam vice-president / high representative , will you broker a solution for the closure of camp ashraf in iraq ?
b5-0601 / 2002 by mrs maij-weggen and others , on behalf of the ppe-de group , on the situation in sudan ;
. the eplp welcomes the directive on drivers hours. we believe they will make a major contribution to road safety .
as i said previously , we did show our commitment by increasing export refunds , both on butter and on powdered milk , ten days ago , and we are monitoring the market .
moreover , they rightly bring out an important notion that must be addressed at eu level - consumer policy is and must be part of the internal market .
we did not take part in the vote on this resolution .
the set of general priorities and principles being established gives us the greatest concern with regard to the set of ‘ simplified regulations ’ to follow .
as you can see , mr hallam , we will not waste our time tomorrow morning , in two respects !
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on thursday 15 june 2006 .
checks on nuclear installations in the ceecs
the white paper is talking facts when it says that external costs throughout the eu are assessed by the commission at an annual figure of eur 250 billion .
i voted in favour of this report .
recalls the pivotal role of the high representative / vice-president in coordinating eu operations in third countries and regions ;
eu member states should not allow themselves to be bullied into applying an agreement which fails to guarantee the data protection rights of its citizens .
( for details of the outcome of the votes , see minutes )
the vote will be taken at the end of the debate .
( fr ) madam president , commissioner , we support the negotiations on this free trade agreement with india , which has to be ambitious but which nevertheless still raises some issues .
mr president , i shall present the opinion of the committee on the environment , public health and food safety on behalf of mrs hassi .
that is the purpose of the report i am presenting to this house today .
question no 9 by carlos robles piquer ( h-0882 / 97 )
finally , ascribing value to the constraints it advocates for the ' economic partnership agreements ' , the report reaffirms the ' dogma ' of trade liberalisation as a basis for development .
mr president , the commissioner will be relieved that we are getting very close to the end. i am the third to last speaker .
also , how will the extra staff for the secretariat be allocated ? i think we should have been given that information as well .
subject : free movement and transport of goods
i trust all these factors will be taken into account in preparing the final draft of the european parliament 's budget .
mr president , i express my sincere appreciation of mr radwan ' s motion for a resolution regarding pre-contractual information for home loans .
( b5-0205 / 2002 ) by baroness ludford and mr sterckx , on behalf of the eldr group , on the obstruction of rail freight through the channel tunnel ;
this being the case , i voted against the report .
if mr mittal is successful in his rumoured takeover of corus / british steel , no doubt they will follow mg rover into blair-sponsored oblivion .
the next item is the council and commission statements on the revised hungarian constitution .
to work on behalf of the most vulnerable members of society ;
question no 41 by marie-paule kestelijn-sierens ( h-0440 / 98 )
mr president-in-office of the council , i thank you for the work you have done over recent months .
i thank you once again for the suggestions and encouragement which the commission has drawn from this debate .
( de ) mr president , in our voting lists there are no amendments at all to the resolution on burma. the only vote is on the resolution in its entirety .
the next item is the debate on oral question ( b5-0496 / 02 ) by mr dell 'alba et al , on the community of democracies .
member of the commission . - i will try to be attentive to the interpreters .
particularly important issues are the following :
no national government whatsoever could present such a catalogue of measures without being sent to the opposition benches at the next election .
i would also like to thank the rapporteur for her remarks. i have taken good note of them .
could we have two separate votes , please , first on mr sonik ’ s oral amendment , and second on the uen-schulz-poettering package ?
the council points out that all the candidate countries have now agreed to come into line with existing community law regarding equality immediately on accession .
the second difficulty is that , unfortunately , this negotiation is taking place when the fat-cat cycle has closed and we are being hard hit by the economic crisis .
afghanistan : one year after the bonn agreement
i therefore voted wholeheartedly against this report .
4. security of gas supply (
. the urban dimension should figure in regional development policy .
i am convinced that the european parliament resolution on this subject will be a significant milestone in understanding the role and importance of accessibility in the inclusive information society .
for these reasons , we have no choice but to oppose this new agreement .
mr president , that would be a worthy gesture , and i request it of you before the house .
the vote will take place at 12 noon .
the vote will take place on thursday .
that concludes the explanations of vote . ( 1 )
mr president , i would suggest we vote on amendment no 6 first , and then on the original paragraph two , because that would be a more logical way of proceeding .
question no 3 by jonas sjöstedt ( h-0599 / 97 )
the next item is the joint debate on the following three recommendations for second reading on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport :
the european council will be called upon to move forward on a series of issues of critical importance for the months and years to come .
in writing . - ( el ) the simplification and reduction of bureaucracy is desirable , but here it is being used as a pretext for more policing of farmers .
the next item is the joint debate on the council and commission statements : preparation for the european council ( 19 and 20 march 2009 ) ,
we are in favour of enlargement. but we do not agree that it should basically be financed out of money at present allocated to the structural funds .
( de ) mr president , commissioners , i would like to congratulate mr cadec on his successful and balanced report. i would also like to thank him for his excellent cooperation .
. mr president , i would like to confine my remarks to two aspects of the council 's presentation : lisbon and the hague programme .
the next item is voting time .
the moderate delegation believes that public prosecutors ’ offices should operate at national level .
thank you , mr striby. we therefore welcome them to the house .
the rising nostalgia for the soviet union and stalin is also very worrying .
mr president , my comments echo those of the speaker before me .
we need political ownership at the highest level. drive the agenda , please .
let us talk about the galileo project , mr president .
i declare the session of the european parliament adjourned .
in the event of a majority vote in favour of the original text :
we are asking for action here today. we are asking for a realistic minimum price and quantitative restrictions. nothing else will satisfy the salmon farmers in scotland and ireland .
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
in the light of these considerations we should give the report our unqualified support .
do you not think , mr president , ladies and gentlemen , that there is an urgent need to change europe 's monetary policy ?
i must stress the importance of creating a european observatory on drought and reinforcing the eu 's coordinated reaction to fires .
15. structure and rates of excise duty applied on manufactured tobacco (
question no 10 by anna karamanou ( h-0809 / 97 )
mrs jäätteenmäki 's proposals are aimed at strengthening the public 's confidence in the activities of the european ombudsman and as such they are worthy of implementation .
i sense that we are going to have a whole new debate on the issue .
τhe next item is the joint debate on
a further highly negative aspect of the allocation of the grants is the bureaucratic financing procedure , which is currently seriously behind schedule. this must of necessity be rectified .
speeches about fundamental rights are blatantly contrary to secret legislation and strongly opposed to arbitrary restrictions on privacy and individual freedom .
secondly , we must remain vigilant over europe 's desire to protect the equality of the sexes .
at the same time , we should :
2. european integration process of montenegro (
( de ) mr president , i should like to thank commissioner rehn for giving us an overview of the western balkans again today .
mr president , god help us if the conservatives ever run europe again .
2. ec / ukraine agreement for scientific and technological cooperation (
yet , in europe today , media concentration , exacerbated by technological developments , means that this crucial media pluralism is at risk , if not already compromised in some cases .
mrs diamantopoulou , do you wish to make any comment ? no. thank you very much .
1. third country nationals subject to or exempt from a visa requirement when crossing external borders (
my hungarian colleague , mrs kósáné kovács , has prepared an outstanding report of great value and i propose that her recommendations be adopted .
2. evaluation : systematic evaluation of initiatives , such as by high-level groups , innovation panels and working parties , can give us useful conclusions .
1. protocol to the ec-kazakhstan partnership and cooperation agreement (
the vote will take place tomorrow .
many members of the house wanted us to commemorate the hundredth anniversary of mr gaetano martino ' s birth .
( the sitting was suspended at 13.15 and resumed at 15.00 )
cross-border payments in the community - the business of electronic money institutions ( debate )
i would like to thank you all very much and to ask for a minute 's silence .
( the president cut off the speaker )
this position still leaves too much risk hanging over european energy and the public service , despite the inclusion of some of the socialist proposals from the first reading .
i am sorry , i am so embarrassed .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the proposal that we are discussing today numbers the protection of human health and the environment among its main objectives .
( the sitting was suspended at 12.50 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
could i suggest , mrs wallström , that in future , when environment legislation like this is considered , the full implications regarding applicant countries be taken into account and publicised .
a few months into the new century , in july 2000 , the commission came up with a modified draft , which took account of parliament ’ s wishes .
i hope it will mean the rejection of a policy that repaid terror with terror and crime with crime , one that , ultimately , rode roughshod over international law .
( parliament stood and applauded mr milinkievitch . )
furthermore , it is my belief that there should be a periodic review of funding to research which may or may not bring about results .
the next item is the statements by the council and the commission on the conclusions of the european council on 19-20 march 2009 .
i am indebted to mr brejc for this report , which i think will galvanise us into action. we should put our money where our mouth is .
mr president , eu transport policy is not just a set of economic objectives ; it is also and , above all , the will to guarantee the highest possible passenger safety standards .
today , therefore , where ( among other things ) :
( b5-0153 / 2002 ) by mr cushnahan , mr van orden , mr deva , mr atkins and mr posselt , on behalf of the ppe-de group , on the ceasefire agreement in sri lanka ;
( the president cut off the speaker )
i therefore believe that we must applaud and endorse attempts to defend competition , even though we may from time to time disagree with some of the commission ’ s decisions .
( 09062 / 2 / 2006 – c6-0189 / 2006 – 2004 / 0168 ( cod ) ) ( rapporteur : jan olbrycht ) ( a6-0227 / 2006 ) .
member of the commission. mr president , i would like to thank the members for the debate. i will be very brief .
as president of this parliament , i shall engage fully in dialogue with our russian partners , notably in the context of the new baltic strategy .
on a number of issues , the commission also supports the overall objective of the committee , although it may have some reservations about the precise wording of the proposals .
these clarifications can be made later outside the chamber .
that is all for now , although there is a lot more !
( the sitting was closed at 20.00 )
that concludes the speeches on matters of political importance .
this is why i voted in favour of parliament 's resolution against war , and regret that a large proportion of the right wing opposed it .
securing europe 's supply of rare earth elements ( debate )
( the president drew lots to select the tellers )
finally , also in the framework of communication , professor grabowska mentioned a youth pact. she supported us in this and i am pleased with what she had to say .
mr berthu has the floor for a point of order .
( the speaker agreed to take a blue card question under rule 149 ( 8 ) )
that concludes questions to the council .
the court of auditors reported an improvement in the clarity and reliability of the annual activity reports on the commission 's services finalised under action no 3 .
this statement truly illustrates the will of and the path being taken by the workers .
mr president , i want to raise a point of order. although the preceding points of order may all seem rather disparate , in actual fact they are not .
finally i will merely point out that we are quite surprised that finland was not invited to participate in the organisation to observe the elections .
( b5-0211 / 2002 ) by mr collins , on behalf of the uen group , on the human rights situation in nigeria ;
involving national parliaments at the very earliest stage makes a second parliamentary level unnecessary and would be a simpler and perhaps cheaper and less bureaucratic solution .
mr president , i would firstly like to thank the rapporteur , mr virrankoski , and also mr pittella and mrs schroedter for their comments .
. i voted for this report. it is an indictment of the conduct of a minority of members that this report is even necessary .
mr president , on most occasions that i have spoken in parliament , it has been to denounce violence against women , and i am here again to combat it .
( the sitting was suspended at 12.15 p.m. and resumed at 12.30 p.m. )
i am opposed to all proposals aimed at tax harmonization because i think the citizens of the eu 's member states should have the exclusive right to tax themselves .
under the customs cooperation agreement , the ec and china are developing substantial interaction in key customs areas , organised clearly to reflect the interest of the european community .
administrative penalties : of course , we can say yes ! but administrative sanction without penalty is no sanction .
. mr president , thank you for this opportunity to address parliament today on this important and timely issue .
sir leon mentioned the need for closer cooperation between regulatory authorities but i would respectfully suggest that competition is a rather different matter .
mr president , i will make a few brief and concise observations .
many of our members support the death penalty , moreover decisions on this matter should be a national responsibility ;
what plans do the presidency and the council have to implement a european-union-wide rapid alert system for child abductions across the eu member states ?
i have received two motions pursuant to rule 40 ( 5 ) .
b5-0245 / 2000 by mr markov and others on behalf of the confederal group of the european united left / nordic green left ;
the commission must give budgetary priority to the demobilisation and reintegration of child soldiers. that is the only way we can break the spiral of violence .
president. mrs lulling , are you opposing the vote on this amendment or not ?
27. management of fishing fleets registered in the outermost regions (
no wonder some people want to keep these figures out of pan-eu stats ; no need to alarm the citizens is there ?
approval of minutes of previous sitting : see minutes
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12.00 noon .
5. a special place for children in eu external action (
mrs fraga has the floor to move the request from the fisheries committee .
lastly , i will move on to my own report. after being examined by the council , it has been split into two legal instruments .
21. annual debate on the progress made in 2008 in the area of freedom , security and justice ( afsj ) ( articles 2 and 39 of the eu treaty )
the next item is the vote .
why not say in the report that renewable energies and energy saving are the answer in the future ? as it stands currently , i am voting against this report .
i should like to congratulate the irish authorities on their cooperation with the commission to ensure on-going evaluation of how european taxpayers ' money is being spent .
mr president , i think it would be quite all right to start the debate now .
that proposal has up to now been supported by less than one third of the member states of the united nations general assembly .
the vote will be taken tomorrow at 10.00 a.m.
the term ‘ human capita ’ has always struck me as a rather dubious one .
i fully support the rapporteur 's recommendation regarding the use of the structural funds , the cohesion funds and the european agricultural fund for rural development ( eafrd ) .
' having regard to the joint ruling of the european court of justice of 30 may 2006 on cases c-317 / 04 and c-318 / 04 , '
i observe that the house agrees with you .
we request monitoring mechanisms to ensure that the investment in infrastructure includes health infrastructure and the responsibilization of authorities for implementing measures in this field .
mr president , two weeks before the berlin european council , i believe it is pointless to try to hide the pessimistic atmosphere that prevails .
i would be pleased if a precedent were set here and hissène habré were brought to court. the many victims demand it .
in writing . - ( pt ) this directive is extremely important because of growing concerns regarding money laundering and its role in funding international crime and terrorism .
the second element is that the full and complete participation of ireland in the european union still remains , in their opinion , completely desirable .
mr leterme , this is what i would like to hear under the next six months of the belgian presidency .
the temporary nature of this visa is stressed , as is the fact that it is only aimed at persons living within 50 km of the border .
where in documents adopted by the european union is it unequivocally stated that peace-enforcement operations by the eu require a un mandate ?
naturally , where member states already have more generous provisions , they should be able to retain them .
it is also most important that we should be able to reach agreement on matters of safety for maritime shipping and of nuclear safety .
i also welcome the high-ranking delegation accompanying king abdullah , particularly the speakers of both houses of the jordanian parliament .
of envious neptune , is now bound in with shame ,
thank you very much , mr fischbach. i invite you to speak .
the question i would like to ask on this subject is : why is greenland called greenland ? is it perhaps because greenland was once green when the world was hotter ?
european year of creativity and innovation ( 2009 ) ( debate )
thank you very much , taoiseach ahern .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 9 a.m.
subject : elimination of barriers to the free movement of labour between member states
mr president , i would like to make a similar request in view of the fact that the commissioner considered it extremely important to be present during the debate .
directly acceptable : amendment 120 ( text as a whole , block no 1 , compromise amendment ) . the commission is in favour of the adoption of the compromise text by the colegislators
parliament 's position regretting the severe shortcomings of the commission in implementing programmes on competitiveness and innovation , particularly during an economic crisis which heightens the need for such support .
ladies and gentlemen , i am particularly pleased to welcome back to the house olivier dupuis , who was detained for 14 days in laos .
please minister , sort out your national allocation plan. it is crucial. it is time for the council not just to talk the talk , but to walk the walk .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
more than a common policy , what we need is a different policy which defends the rights of immigrants and combats the fundamental causes of immigration .
another way of protecting citizens is to help them to acquire qualifications , help to equip them with education and training to face the new technological , environmental and cultural challenges .
subject : mistreatment of journalists in uk
madam president , i applaud the report by mr katiforis. more specifically , the points he raises in the motion for a resolution are ones that i agree with .
the report deals largely with technical amendments to
the next item is the council and commission statements on the eu-russia summit .
i believe that this has been a fine collective success. i hope that my fellow members have understood what i wanted to say .
european council meeting ( 8-9 march 2007 ) ( debate )
the vote will be taken at noon tomorrow .
the vote will take place at 5.30 p.m.
. we have abstained from the vote on this report , as we have on the two previous reports on fisheries .
madam president , terrorism is unacceptable. we are all agreed on that. it is our opinions on methods for combating terrorism which perhaps differ .
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
last but not least , in october 2008 , the commission presented its proposal for a directive on consumer rights , which is currently the subject of negotiations in parliament and council .
first of all , i should like to refer to the reply that the president will give today .
( explanation of vote abbreviated in accordance with rule 170 ( 1 ) ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure )
thank you very much , madam commissioner .
we must aim for a new model for economic development. this is vital , based on respect for the creation and the creator of life .
coordination of social security systems - coordination of social security systems - extending regulation ( ec ) no 883 / 2004 to third country nationals otherwise excluded ( debate )
i would like to indicate my total opposition to the proposals in agenda 2000 relating to the reform of the cap .
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
the vote will take place at 12 noon .
the next item is the debate on cases of breaches of human rights , democracy and the rule of law .
now , mr jarzembowski , is the great moment !
- after the vote on amendment 19 :
i hope the house will give an emphatic welcome in the vote tomorrow .
it is my sincere belief that we can succeed in this , precisely thanks to our common identity , and that is something that no legislation can guarantee .
are there any objections to these various proposals ?
mr valverde lópez , can we leave it at that ?
we voted in favour of the report , since the telecommunications market requires a regime of the kind described .
- after the vote on amendment 62 :
the next item is the communication from the commission on urgent political subjects of major importance .
with the creation of this statute , another step is taken towards the lifting of these obstacles , especially in a sector that is fundamental to the european economy .
. my concern is with the manufacture of gelatine and bio-gelatine .
thank you very much , mr gahrton .
for all these reasons , i will vote for the report as amended .
the security of supply , the fight against climate change , the regulation of markets : all of these objectives should be pursued with a pragmatic , not dogmatic , approach .
the proposed measures will have serious consequences not only for european importers and distributers of cheap shoes from these countries , but also for the consumer .
i have received seven motions for resolutions pursuant to rule 37 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
( it ) i have received a request from mr hannan for an item on the interpretation of rule 19 of our rules of procedure .
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , we live in the same world as the women of afghanistan .
the vote will take place at 11 a.m.
the tbmd project that nato is to complete by 2010 is therefore of vital importance .
b5-0558 / 2002 by mr van den bos , on behalf of the eldr group , on the political situation in nepal ;
( explanation of vote abbreviated pursuant to rule 137 ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure )
i would like to welcome to the chamber the representative of the council and the representative of the commission .
we shall now proceed to the vote .
as regards salary competition , my answer is quite clear : if measures relating to salaries can be considered as state aid , the commission will use its powers .
the objective of reducing the amount by which the least favoured regions lag behind must not play second fiddle to territorial cohesion ;
mr hernández mollar has the floor for a point of order .
the vote will take place tomorrow , thursday , 21 october 2010 , at 12 : 00 .
madam president , everyone is aware of my group 's reservations about the member state initiatives concerning the judicial european area .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
everything i have said is intended to affirm that parliament is going to adopt a budget with a new balance , in response to its obligations towards european citizens .
you will see , commissioner , that they want to ask you about sofas , not only about cars , but i am sure you will have an answer .
in paragraph 10 of the resolution by mr mitchell , we call on mr juncker to agree with mr almunia , and this should be welcomed .
we did maastricht but we have not sorted out the institutional architecture .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i have confined myself to this brief presentation of the work of the council and am available to answer your questions .
- ( el ) mr president , commissioner , i , too congratulate you on your two communications and i hope that you will continue with your constructive proposals .
the proposal for a council directive that we are examining today is one of the most important on which we have had to give our opinion in recent years .
( it ) madam president , ladies and gentlemen , i join you in remembering richard holbrooke .
question no 30 by james provan ( h-0126 / 97 )
accelerated action targeted at major communicable diseases within the context of poverty reduction [ com ( 2000 ) 585 - c5-0014 / 2001 - 2000 / 2006 ( cos ) ]
( the sitting was closed at 11.50 p.m. )
the union should finally stop allowing itself to be guided by abstract theories on harmonisation which bear no relation at all to hard and fast reality !
madam president , behind the farai maguwu case lies the whole issue of diamond mining .
ladies and gentlemen , it is my great pleasure to welcome to the gallery a group of former members of the first freely elected parliament of the gdr .
it should be remembered that the transit system allows the temporary suspension of customs duties , excise duties and vat until these are paid at the destination of the goods .
- after the adoption of the legislative resolution :
with that , we close this item .
let us make burma a textbook case , one that shows our ability to promote democracy without the use of bombs and tanks .
( the president cut the speaker off )
questions which have not been answered for lack of time will receive written answers ( see annex ) .
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on thursday 9 june 2011 .
mr president , the great debate which casts a shadow over the commission 's annual economic report is , of course , that of employment .
mr turmes , may i congratulate you on your excellent english and on your commitment to this subject .
( b5-0159 / 2002 ) by mr gasòliba i böhm and others , on behalf of the group of the european liberal , democrat and reform party , on the situation in colombia ;
i shall now put to the vote the request by the group of the party of european socialists .
i hope that the commissioner takes these amendments into account , shows flexibility and modifies his proposal .
. mr president , i would just like to respond to a few questions .
20 . 2009 discharge : euratom supply agency (
let us develop energies which will ensure our security and protect the environment .
signature of acts adopted under the ordinary legislative procedure : see minutes
[ sec ( 1999 ) 414 - c5-0008 / 1999 - 1999 / 2166 ( dec ) ]
mr president , at the outset can i ask the services to note that on paragraph 31 the first part of my vote should have been in favour .
after what happened to the freedom fleet , this is unworthy , to say the least .
the eplp voted for amendment 73 to support comprehensive and effective impact assessments. this helps smes .
3. ec-cape verde fisheries partnership ( vote )
mr andersson is asking what the commission intends to do concerning drug abuse in sport .
( parliament approved the proposal to defer the vote on the legislative resolution ) v. fruit jams , jellies and marmalades and chestnut puree intended for human consumption ( com ( 95 ) 0722 - c4-0406 / 96-96 / 0118 ( cns ) )
the vote will take place on tuesday at 12 noon .
thank you very much , mr papayannakis .
the vote will be held tomorrow at 11.30 a.m.
first , ladies and gentlemen , i want to thank the ushers who carry out their duties with such discretion .
in writing . - this report has been a long time coming. it is extremely important that we cover this topic with eu agreements spanning all member states .
the concluded agreement is inadequate , but to reject it would mean running the risk of starting the conciliation procedure and of ending up with a completely meaningless text .
rapporteur . - ( fr ) mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i will try not to repeat the excellent points the commissioner has just made .
question no 3 by mr roubatis ( h-0200 / 97 )
firstly : cohesion policy , as defined in the treaties , is a crucial pillar for the future of european integration and must not , therefore , be renationalised ;
madam president , it was clear on monday that there was going to be chaos today. why has some better organization not been found for today 's agenda ?
( the president cut off the speaker )
report ( a5-0144 / 2000 ) by mrs lulling , on behalf of the committee on economic and monetary affairs ,
this will all be passed on to the competent authorities .
are there any other comments on the minutes ?
20. the interoperability of the community rail system ( recast ) ( vote )
in any event , it is appalling that the commission accepted the international agreement without prior consultation with parliament .
in this context the eu has recently set up the eu coordinating office for palestinian police support in ramallah .
it is vital to close the legal loopholes that allow these fraudulent businesses to operate .
the european parliament would like the commission to make these priorities , which are priority objectives for agriculture in 2000 , easier to visualise in these next information measures .
does mrs fischer share the view of the world bank , fao and un ?
in order to express our solidarity with the democrats in belarus .
b5-0361 / 2001 by swoboda and others , on behalf of the pse group , on the situation in algeria ;
the fruit and vegetable sector is extremely important for us. however , i should like to highlight certain points :
mr president , commissioner , i believe that europe must find solutions to these issues , not shift the debate away from them .
( the sitting was closed at 12.25 p.m. )
the vote will take place on thursday , 19 june 2008 .
mr president , we believe that the existing text is better than the proposed oral amendment , and we therefore object to voting on the oral amendment .
this text falls short of world health organisation recommendations and lacks the necessary urgency .
i will conclude by giving the rapporteur my full support on making domestic violence against women a criminal offence .
subject : the european social model and combating poverty
thank you , mrs hulthén. you had been allocated speaking time of a minute and a half , but i signalled to you that you could continue with your speech .
the vote will take place at 6.30 p.m.
? 5-0145 / 2003 by mrs maes , mr rod , mrs lucas , mr lannoye , mrs schörling and mrs isler béguin , on behalf of the verts / ale group , on the human rights situation in zimbabwe ;
thank you very much , mr szájer , not least for your cooperation in the internal coordination , in which you had a hand .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i can assure you that we have no intention of shirking our responsibilities , in fact quite the contrary .
will indication of product origin become compulsory ?
subject : border adjustment measures ( bams ) on less carbon-efficient imports
let us therefore turn trade links into a platform for development. this ought to be our challenge .
( text abbreviated in accordance with rule 120 ( 7 ) of the rules of procedure )
i have received six motions for resolution tabled in accordance with rule 103 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
questions not taken for lack of time will be answered in writing .
recommendation for second reading of the lechner report ( a5-0034 / 1999 )
subject : funding hiv / aids therapy in developing countries
what can be said about the proposals for an integrated maritime policy ?
true , the commission has proposed an embargo on imports of thai chicken until august 2004 , but that seems to us inadequate given the scale the phenomenon is assuming .
) whose footprint extends to most of europe .
the next item is the debate on the commission statement on the budget review .
. ( pt ) since 1993 , the eu has had a system in place for protected designations of origin ( pdos ) and protected geographical indications ( pgis ) .
. – madam president , i should like to give the following reply to the questions regarding the ten , the trans-european networks .
on one hand , i wish to congratulate mr soulier on his report on nuclear industries in the european union .
in addition to emergency first aid , the eu will also play an active role in the interim phase of rehabilitation and the long-term phase of reconstruction .
madam president , i will have the opportunity later to speak on behalf of my group .
deterioration of the situation in georgia ( debate )
in each case we coped. and it is more than just a question of subsidiarity. we do not want to become dependent - and neither should anybody else .
1. drugs prevention and information ( vote )
in opposition to the " lisbon process " we would advocate europe-wide harmonisation of social rights , pensions , public services , wages and employment in line with the most favourable conditions .
you have been here too long not to know that we are a special parliament and that speaking time is strictly limited .
mr president , there are really no longer any excuses to justify the continuation of the situation that unfortunately has characterized nigeria for many years now .
question no 9 by sören wibe ( h-0875 / 96 )
stockholm european council : economic and social aspects
the oral amendment advocated by mrs korhola to amendment no 43 is greatly welcomed. i hope members will support it tomorrow .
b5 ­ 0365 / 2001 by mr van den berg , mrs sauquillo pérez del arco and mrs carlotti on behalf of the pse group , on forced labour of african children ;
i should like to express my congratulations on this initiative and am particularly pleased that we can adopt it today .
2. challenges to collective agreements in the eu (
in view of these concerns , we have abstained on the final vote .
questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive written answers ( see annex ) .
other member states were aware of the situation and were getting prepared to provide support to the affected regions. for example , the czech republic spontaneously offered its assistance .
in other words , the roll-call was of no use .
communication of council common positions : see minutes
thank you very much for this debate. we will of course take back to the commission all your detailed and well-informed views .
the first item on the agenda will be a statement by myself ; 70 years after general franco 's coup d 'état in spain , on 18 july 1936 .
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i will be very brief and thus hope to make up some of the extra time which my colleagues have previously taken .
that is why our position is a one of criticism .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12.00 noon .
subject : croatia , macedonia and southeast europe
for the time being , i have a request for postponement from only one group , the socialist group in the european parliament .
22. safety rules and standards for passenger ships ( recast ) (
thank you for that speech , mr monti , and for the explanations you have given to the house .
i also applaud the constructive focus on prevention , especially in the avoidance of alcohol and drug use during pregnancy .
i believe that this opportunity should be used by parliament to strongly support an fta with japan for the following reasons .
i would like to ask commissioner kovács , who comes from hungary , to set up appropriate initiatives at european level .
there were two regulations , one of which has already been adopted by this house. the one we are dealing with now is that covering third countries .
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
mr president , i should like to ask mr higgins what would have enabled him to support the treaty .
another concern is the wish to adopt a maximum level of harmonisation .
i also wish to thank the european trade union confederation for holding such intensive consultations with us and also making it possible to arrive at a compromise on this .
whilst these measures are insufficient in themselves , they do constitute a contribution , especially the new directive and the regulation currently under discussion .
i am grateful to both honourable members for their questions which give me an opportunity to provide specific details .
mr president , we thought that there should still be a vote on one section of item 6 , namely the last one .
thank you , mrs trüpel. however , this ends the joint debate on the budget. thank you for your speeches. the debate is closed .
( el ) mr president , the green paper is being promoted within the framework of the anti-grassroots lisbon strategy and yet again donates more profit to euro-unifying capital .
if we do not change the approach , i am afraid that the prospects are dubious , to say the least .
in the same way , in the future we will need to ensure that we do not start applying any similar kind of system to other areas of agricultural production .
however , for one fallen wall , how many others have been erected on our continent ?
statements by the council and the commission on development aspects of the international day for the eradication of poverty , and
i should like to thank the presidency , but let me give an example .
parliament has been able to rectify , at first reading and without proposing any disproportionate or unreasonable increases , the somewhat reductive approach that the council adopted in july .
do i need to say it again ? for us , the mediterranean sea is an inland sea .
on the official level , i first wish to draw your attention to two tracks : the comprehensive dialogue and the eu-iran dialogue on human rights .
( for results and other details of the vote : see minutes )
this grim reality underlines the importance of my second question. what is the real substance of the progress made on regulation by the g20 in london ?
nevertheless , i should like to move on and deal with the second group of amendments , albeit briefly. these amendments have a direct bearing on the new legislative powers .
in that respect , as rapporteur i should like to underline a few fundamental points :
member of the commission . - ( fr ) mr president , i would like to made a statement on behalf of the commission before the vote .
we will forward your request to the conference of presidents .
finally , tunisia. somewhat away from the main headlines , extremely serious human rights abuses occur there too .
33. action plan on urban mobility (
the commission has been following the preparations for the parliamentary elections of 6 november 2005 with great attention and some concern .
the council also took note of the commission 's intention to submit a proposal to create a european centre for disease prevention and control .
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on thursday , 13 february 2003 .
the vote will be at noon tomorrow .
to conclude , i should like to thank all those who contributed and , primarily , mr bradbourn , my co-rapporteur .
mr president , i agree with mr fayot : it is irresponsible to adopt a text for a statute that could not be examined in the committees !
finally , numerous initiatives are under way to increase our knowledge of disasters and their impact. we will therefore be able to better debate these issues in the future .
this pilot programme substantially reinforced the community mechanism for civil protection and , by extension , the facility to assist countries hit by natural disasters .
the challenge has been issued to the council. we expect deeds , not fine words and summit photos .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , by way of introduction on the situation in albania , i should like to sum up the facts .
oral questions and written declarations ( submission ) : see minutes
mr president , i would like to address two issues mentioned by the rapporteur , but not elaborated upon .
the next item is the report by wolf klinz , on behalf of the committee on economic and monetary affairs , on asset management ιι .
otherwise , when the day comes that , for one reason or another , this source of funding runs out , all the associations could find themselves under serious pressure .
we need more time to discuss and further develop these valuable ideas. i am therefore aiming for the commission to present a legislative proposal in the course of 2007 .
in conclusion , what we want is a precautionary framework and not a prohibitive diatribe. i appeal to colleagues to support the amendments of the environment committee .
restrictions on the marketing and use of perfluorooctane sulfonates ( debate )
ladies and gentlemen , are there any objections to this oral amendment ?
there is a proposed amendment , which is ratified by the council , and which i presented earlier .
mr president , i too would like first to thank the council for distributing this document and for facilitating this debate. thank you very much for being here today .
fourth criterion : the need for enlargement , which requires at the institutional level the setting up of a variable geometry europe based on differentiated cooperation .
mr president , solidarity was an extraordinary experiment involving a community that developed on the basis of common values and confidence in freedom .
so let me stop here and thank the members again for their very useful and constructive comments .
in the report of the committee on agriculture , 48 amendments are proposed. the commission can , in fact , agree with 47 out of the 48 amendments tabled .
the minutes of yesterday have been distributed .
i give the floor to mr gollnisch on a point of order .
the next item is the continuation of the debate on the recommendation for second reading of the community action in the field of water policy .
in such circumstances , the european commission must do everything in its power to minimise unfair competition from china. it should step up the following activities in particular :
( the president cut off the speaker )
( the president declared the common position approved as amended )
mr president , my attendance is not recorded even though , as you know , i was here because i sat in the bureau with you for two hours .
i only support a regulation in the climate protection package which guarantees that we have no carbon leakage and that our domestic industry is also retained in europe .
mr tajani , you are quite right. i did approach the iranian government , but received no response. you can count on me , therefore , to try again .
we shall therefore abstain from the vote on this report .
it is thus important that article 7 ( 2 ) be interpreted in such a way that fixed networks and mobile networks are regarded as separate markets .
what does the commission intend to do against this illegal attempt by the mlp to prevent maltese citizens taking part in these upcoming european elections in malta ?
under these conditions , the eu continues to act like a child living under the legal authority of its parents : the european communities .
the next item is the one-minute speeches on matters of political importance .
in future , we should ideally like to see meps ' salary levels set in relation to salary levels in the national parliaments .
results of the european council ( brussels , 13-14 march 2008 ) ( debate )
i hope that the other groups will agree with the ppe-de group on that issue. i believe it is a sensible and understandable oral amendment .
many thanks to the president-in-office of the council .
however , despite these concerns , i have voted in favour of the report and i congratulate the rapporteur .
it makes no mention of the need for good governance , nor of the fact that corrupt governments in failed states are often the prime source of human rights abuse ;
i should like to focus my thoughts on the central issue at the lahti summit : the issue of energy security in europe and our continuing relationship with russia .
a ' subsidiary list ' with issues which could be transferred back from the eu to national , regional and local level should have been drawn up .
in remembering and in feeling this profound duty of remembrance , we must also speak the truth. for europe , 8 may 1945 was a day of liberation .
this is the reason why i insist on this amendment no 10 , which i hope will be voted through .
finally , the commission can accept amendment 2 which reintroduces the principle of a key commission role in the community 's participation in the different bodies implementing the convention .
let me also point out for those who cannot witness it , the sadness that the council is not here to attach the due importance to this extremely important report .
membership of political groups : see minutes
i support the rapporteur in that i welcome this proposal and , at the same time , i understand the concerns that the objectives of protecting ...
lastly , we believe that the role of parliament should be clearly defined and strengthened in order to ensure adequate democratic supervision .
decisions concerning certain documents : see minutes
- ( nl ) it does not bode well for a successful conclusion to the nice summit. there is no satisfactory agreement in the offing yet .
it remains crucial that turkey improves its administrative capacity to implement and enforce eu-related legislation .
the minutes of 29 april 1998 have been distributed .
mr schulz , you say i am talking like a european socialist. that may be , but you must admit that you are not really talking like a french socialist .
the privatisation and destruction of forests and mountain massifs , which are important water storage areas , comes within the philosophy of profitability , which holds basic human needs in contempt .
therefore i called for support for amendments 1 , 2 and 3. i could not vote in favour of this report without them .
thank you for that contribution , freddy , and happy birthday !
at present , unemployment needs to be analysed at pan-european union level , but the solutions need to be implemented and financed at both ends of these channels .
mid-term review of industrial policy ( debate )
i declare adjourned the session of the european parliament .
10. damages actions for breach of competition rules ( vote )
british presidency and the situation in algeria
i have received the following nominations :
as everyone knows we are governed by the principle of not enjoying personal benefits accruing from the exercise of public activity .
the committee on economic affairs has considered this matter and unanimously approved a series of recommendations. i have proposed these as amendments. essentially , they have three main aims .
– mr president , i am sorry , but you are speaking so quickly that the interpreters are translating too unclearly for us to understand .
mr de rossa has requested the floor for a procedural motion .
section v - court of auditors
i therefore believe it appropriate , as i have said , to emphasise the significance of the date .
the vote will take place at noon today .
incidentally , does the subsidiarity principle not state that the union may only take up an issue if europe provides ' added value ' ?
in december 1989 , a few major thrill-seekers awoke dracula from his slumber. now we do not know how to get rid of him .
less smugness please , more practical application .
ladies and gentlemen , the second grouping of matters i wanted to refer to , regards the sustainable development strategy that we approved at the gothenburg european council .
the vote will take place on thursday , 20 november 2008 .
( the president cut off the speaker )
the union for europe of the nations group supports the directive .
( the decision was made not to apply urgent procedure . )
if we were to use this issue alone to gauge the success of structural fund policy , we would pass a devastatingly negative judgment on it .
subject : programme of the presidency - early school leaving
the vote will take place tomorrow , thursday 20 may , at 12.00 .
mr president , president-in-office of the council , commissioner , as rapporteur for the opinion of the committee on economic and monetary affairs , i agree , of course , with what mr brok said .
agenda for next sitting : see minutes
in writing . - this grants the executive director of the european environment agency discharge in respect of the implementation of the agency 's budget for the financial year 2009 .
thank you very much , mr alyssandrakis .
it is up to the countries concerned to take the initiative of preparing and proposing projects that could be supported financially by community funds and european investment bank loans .
a5-0068 / 2000 by mr ferber , on behalf of the committee on budgets , on budget 2001 : the remaining sections .
therefore , there is no lack of clarity. furthermore , we have been subject to a summons by the council for the last month because we have not honoured our word .
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
the report also has a repressive edge , making it a crime to express one 's thoughts .
the commissioner should particularly read ruggie 's strong criticism of governmental failures to respect human rights considerations as the commission develops its new competence on investment .
beyond jet , iter extends the experimental side to the level where the scientific and technological feasibility of fusion energy can be demonstrated .
furthermore , the creation of embryos by transferring cell nuclei would facilitate cloning for reproductive purposes , which is generally considered to be aberrant .
i should like to say a few words about the future role of the eu in kosovo .
i put to the vote the proposal for postponement to the october part-session .
( de ) madam president , ladies and gentlemen , i would also like to congratulate you , mr füle , on your new appointment and wish you luck in this very important task .
for this reason we will vote against the report .
the committee on the environment , public health and consumer policy met in the chamber last night. i am sure that the voting cards will now be returned .
in writing . - ( fr ) we voted in favour of the resolution on the galileo satellite navigation project .
in february , in the committee on transport and tourism , we tabled a proposal calling for the rejection of this unacceptable initiative by the european commission .
mr president , commissioner , i would prefer to use five minutes to start with and leave one minute for my conclusions .
mr almunia , there is a great deal of legal uncertainty in this area which must be removed and we are expecting a proposal from the commission .
mr president , i will try not to read any sinister political motivation into that .
mr president , i was present. i signed in and i voted in a roll-call vote but my name is not there .
in writing . - i support this proposal , as it is in line with the g20 agreement .
this right of access has been confirmed in the draft constitutional treaty , which extends the obligation to transparency to all institutions , agencies and bodies .
mr president , i would like to clarify some of the various points on human rights put forward by the different speakers .
latin america has enormous human potential , with more than 600 million people , as well as natural resources and a 10 % share of global gdp .
mr president , commissioner , the proposal presented by the commission , in accordance with its mandate , is a reasonable starting point for the committee on agriculture and rural development .
i will of course inform commissioner bonino of the points raised in the debate so that she can take them into account in her further consideration of the issue .
to conclude , mr bontempi 's report contains sound principles and advocates realistic cooperation. that is the reason why our group voted for it .
b5-0910 / 2000 by corrie and zimmerling , on behalf of the ppe-de group ;
mr scapagnini , are you asking for your report to be dealt with on a different day of the week , or for it to be postponed to another part-session ?
the next item is the statements by the council and the commission on preparation of the copenhagen summit on climate change .
on the electoral process in peru .
this report seems to me to be a kind of trojan horse in terms of the future common fisheries policy as presented now by the commissioner responsible , mr fischler .
( parliament rejected the request for urgent procedure )
i would also like to address the commission :
we consider that this comprehensive approach allows for well-informed and consistent decision making , whilst being steady and looking beyond short-term volatility .
we had said goodbye to the vice-president for today. thank you for your attention .
the long-term objective is a common legal standard. the bontempi report - which , by the way , is excellent - urges us to act more quickly .
the solution lies in concerted action ; local authorities , governments and the european community all have a role and a responsibility in this regard .
the next item is the report by mrs kolarska-bobińska , on behalf of the committee on industry , research and energy , on ' towards a new energy strategy for europe 2011-2020 ' .
a number of speakers have raised the issue of a total ban on meat-and-bone meal. let me add a few comments on what i said earlier in this respect .
we will ask the services responsible to examine all the translations .
finally , i would like to encourage the commission to continue its fight , and i wish to congratulate the rapporteur warmly on his excellent report .
that is why i came out in favour of the stockmann report on the granting of community financial support to actions on combined goods transport .
thank you very much , commissioner fischler .
. i believe the united nations constitutes the most appropriate and only global institution potentially able to foster solutions to global problems .
we should like to thank the council .
the vote will take place at 11.30 a.m.
eleventh international aids conference in lusaka
i should like once again to congratulate and thank mr seeber for his efforts and his exceptional work .
signature of acts adopted under the ordinary legislative procedure : see minutes
thus from 2009 onwards , two capitals will be designated each year , one for the current member states and a second one for the new member states .
( the request for referral back to committee was rejected . )
i hope mr gawronski and his friends are knocking on the doors of those national capitals which have not implemented the framework decision on terrorism .
overall , this is a very good compromise and i would like to express my sincere thanks to everyone involved .
for all of these reasons , i voted in favour .
immigration in ireland- b5-0777 / 2001 by boudjenah , morgantini , frahm , korakas , herman schmid , miranda and papayannakis , on behalf of the gue / ngl group ,
( the president cut off the speaker )
we hope , therefore , that you can go one step further so that we can give this guideline to the commission to introduce it in the preliminary budget .
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
for this reason it is high time for the european parliament to take the matter in hand itself and to defend the community method .
ii. a council decision establishing a system of special forensic profiling analysis of synthetic drugs [ 14007 / 2000 - c5-0737 / 2000 - 2000 / 0825 ( cns ) ]
it is a matter of urgency to return to those who desire them the means and the freedom to create wealth , together with a taste for doing so .
the next item is the statements by the council and the commission on preparations for the euromed ministerial conference on migration .
patents are but one solution. is it an effective one , will it be a good mechanism ? nobody can currently answer this question , for two reasons .
the vote will take place on thursday , 7 july 2011 .
author . - mr president , i am very glad about the very wise decision you have taken .
however , we have chosen to vote in favour of the report as it also addresses important aspects of the challenge europe is facing .
6. adoption by malta of the single currency on 1 january 2008 ( vote )
finding an answer to this is not simple ; however , in any case , the first step is to have transparency as regards those assets .
mr president , i shall answer your questions and contributions on those matters which fall within the jurisdiction of the commission .
it would be appropriate to introduce community level marketing restrictions on mercury-containing measuring and control equipment for consumer use , with some exemptions in the healthcare sector .
mr president , apart from congratulating the rapporteur , i would like , if you will allow me , to begin with a comment unconnected with the budget .
( the sitting was opened at 9.00 a.m. )
- before the vote on paragraph 94 :
i believe that commissioner füle must tell them quite categorically that they need to stop this wrestle for power and return to the parliamentary approach .
thank you very much mr olsson .
in conclusion , mr president , i should like to stress the importance of two of the four pillars of the employment strategy : adaptability and equal opportunities .
the commission replied that it had asked the member state concerned for information regarding the facts. has such information been received ?
the majority in parliament has inexplicably rejected these proposals , which is something we regret .
2. the arrest of political opponents in belarus ( debate )
in agreement with mr cot we consider that , in order for this directive to be fully effective it is necessary that its scope includes re-insurance interests and holding companies .
we shall carry on voting and we shall continue with the schwab report. but could somebody from the secretariat please verify where the council is .
the court of auditors strongly emphasises the need for greater simplification. therefore , much work needs to be done in order to further simplify the rules .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11.30 a.m.
the vote will take place tomorrow , thursday .
the council of course expects all applicant countries to observe european values and establish good neighbourly relations with their neighbours .
of those 5 million half a million are european - the equivalent of the population of copenhagen .
the vote will be held tomorrow at 11 a.m.
ladies and gentlemen , i shall now switch over to english .
i still take the view which i have previously declared on this matter when it was discussed in parliament .
without this clarification , it seems to me that , once again , we are systematically leaving future generations to foot the bill for changing the european energy model .
in these circumstances , the ump delegation expects the european commission to develop an alternative approach to ownership unbundling .
i therefore believe that our group will abstain from voting on this report .
seventhly , the return policy should also be tackled on a european level .
mr president-in-office , you say that the belgrade government is no longer credible. could it ever have been credible with mr seselj amongst its members ?
thank you very much for your suggestion. i think we shall do that .
madam president , i would like to begin by congratulating the rapporteur , mrs matias , and thanking everyone who collaborated with her .
mr president , i stand here tonight conscious that in cancún the commissioner and others will have to battle to protect very poor people .
i shall finish by offering my warmest congratulations to the portuguese presidency. they do not have an easy task , but i know that it is in safe hands .
thank you very much , mr president-in-office .
( the order of business was adopted as amended )
the regulation adopted today will subject the german and , in particular , the bavarian automobile industry additionally to a tough endurance test that will demand strenuous efforts from it .
finally , when in section 4.3 the commission says it will discuss csr-related legislation with member states , could she say which legislation she has in mind ?
finally , the majority of the speeches have focused , naturally enough , on economic and financial matters , which we are particularly concerned about at the moment .
arrangements for importing fishery and aquaculture products into the eu with a view to the future reform of the cfp ( debate )
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11.30 a.m.
thank you , mr trichet. you are always welcome in the european parliament.the debate is closed.the vote will be on tuesday .
a motion for a resolution to close this debate has been tabled by the committee on foreign affairs. the vote to that effect will take place tomorrow at 12 : 30 .
parties should be founded at citizens ' own initiative. only when the citizens of europe themselves express a desire for european parties will a credible basis exist for them .
the vote will be held tomorrow at 11 a.m.
a fast democratic solution to the kurdish question with " clear signs " at the earliest possible opportunity ;
( the minutes of the previous sitting were approved )
. – mr president , as usual , i only have a few words in which to express my disagreement with what the council and the commission have just said .
the next item is the report by mrs de keyser , on behalf of the committee on foreign affairs , on eu external policies in favour of democratisation .
this terrorist assassination follows numerous other assassinations of courageous , tolerant pakistanis who are passionate about human rights and defenders of the human rights of both men and women .
question no 39 by richard howitt ( h-1203 / 98 ) subject : trans-european transport networks and access for the disabled
it shall be done , mrs mcnally .
the vote will take place today , at 12 noon .
in conclusion , we would like to congratulate mr grosch on his excellent report .
i will not vote for the schulz report for the following reasons .
mr president , no. the council does not intend to take any action in this regard .
finally , the charter does not provide any articles devoted to the duties which are , nonetheless , the counterpart of rights .
b5 ­ 0712 / 2000 by mrs malmström , on behalf of the group of the european liberal , democrat and reform party , on bhutanese refugees ;
may i remind the house that today is ' world book day ' , declared last year by unesco , and therefore i wish you happy reading .
mr president , this is not the first time that we have discussed the drama in madagascar in this chamber .
in this report , this little band of oligarchs is setting up instruments to neutralise any representatives of the people who might get through the electoral and media filters .
9. implementation of the services directive (
b5-0380 / 2000 by mr van den berg and mrs kinnock , on behalf the group of the party of european socialists ;
21. a european initiative for the development of micro-credit in support of growth and employment (
the second point we need to be very concerned about is maintaining and developing lifelong learning , which is the only way of guaranteeing ongoing employability and mobility of employees .
i call on the house to endorse the work done made by the environment committee , and in particular paragraph 5 .
the next item is a joint debate on :
mr president , amendment no 9 is the furthest from the committee 's paragraph , but if the rapporteur is of a contrary opinion , i bow to his superior experience .
mr president , i abstained on this report for two reasons , even though i fully agree with the title ' multilingualism : an asset for europe and a shared commitment ' .
thank you , mr schulz , for giving me the opportunity to explain myself .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
if this country , croatia , is considered a suitable country for joining the european union , then heaven help all of us .
i believe the problems i have just mentioned are of quite crucial importance for safety , and indeed for the improvement of road safety .
how do the gac guidelines of 30 september accord with the legal advice given previously by the commission and council ?
could i ask the commission to specify exactly what it wants from farmers , and to ensure that all member states are complying with the rules ?
... nor are responses from the authorities. i call for very strong intervention from the president of parliament to obtain a response concerning this attack .
action taken on parliament 's resolutions : see minutes
mr president , in conclusion i would like to mention at least four fundamental points in the interinstitutional agreement which we would like to enter into with you .
i was born a conservative and i trust that i will die a conservative .
in any event , although both initiatives will take a while , they will provide a solid basis for policy making and we shall keep this house fully informed .
amendment 138 would read : ‘ activities to help enhance the safety , quality and traceability of organs and substances of human origin , including blood , blood components and blood precursors . ’
3 - a citizen ' s europe where every citizen feels completely european in everyday life ;
the vote will be at noon on wednesday .
( the sitting was suspended at 5.20 p.m. and resumed at 5.30 p.m. )
mr president , the matter is now in the right hands , namely the courts in nicaragua , and should therefore not be dealt with by this parliament .
the sitting was suspended at 1.35 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m.
the minutes of yesterday 's sitting have been distributed .
action taken on parliament 's positions and resolutions : see minutes
i believe that this message provides an appropriate conclusion to my speech .
( the sitting opened at 9.00 a.m. )
the vote will take place tomorrow , thursday 13 october , at 11 a.m.
i can say that the work has been magnificent , that we offer our congratulations on it and on the fact that no amendment has been rejected outright .
madam president , for all these reasons , on behalf of the group of the party of european socialists , i recommend that we vote for this text without amendment .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
i give the floor to the rapporteur , mr arroni .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
nevertheless , the eu has an important role to play in promoting awareness of these issues and supporting alternatives to ink-jet printing when and where appropriate .
the committee on budgetary control did tighten the proposal of the european commission on a number of scores , as mrs theato has already mentioned .
( ro ) mr. president , dear colleagues , i welcome the initiative of the european commission , which adopted the directive on cross-border healthcare services last week .
those , mr president , ladies and gentlemen , are the three major challenges for the months and years ahead that i wanted to draw your attention to .
we called that the community method. indeed , it is that convention method that was used in preparing the charter of fundamental rights and , above all , the constitutional treaty .
as they deal with the same subject , question nos 4 and 5 will be taken together .
report ( a5-0194 / 2001 ) by mr miller , on behalf of the committee on legal affairs and the internal market , on :
i agree with the rapporteur 's proposal to concentrate priorities or focus on such basic areas as educational multimedia and hydraulic resources .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12.30 p.m.
if the ecb can regularly lend money to national banks at rates much lower than those which exist in international markets , why can it not do so to governments ?
13. the fight against terrorism ( vote )
i am not calling the general objective into question ; but if our action is to be effective , it must be pragmatic , like the action we took on air quality .
mr president , in the short time which is available to me , i should like to look at the kuckelkorn report .
impact of financial crisis on european industry
explanations of vote - report mccormick ( a5-0151 / 2000 )
very well , mr nogueira román , we shall make that correction .
debates on cases of breaches of human rights , democracy and the rule of law ( debate )
this disaster is not , therefore , as some would have us believe , ' just ' a spanish matter .
( the speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under rule 149 ( 8 ) )
the plan , mr maccormick , is not to have them in competition with each other but to extend , if necessary , the appropriate sitting time .
international events will not await our procedural hesitations. minister , the european union 's first great initiative in terms of foreign and security policy must be nuclear. this is an emergency .
question no 51 by mikko rönnholm ( h-0493 / 96 )
i have received a motion for a resolution , tabled in accordance with rule 40 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure .
in writing . - ( pt ) i voted in favour of the report on the white paper on sport .
for our part , we shall continue to support all initiatives of this type .
heavy goods vehicle collisions ( written declaration )
( the sitting was opened at 09 : 00 )
( the president cut off the speaker )
thirdly , the importance of the aegean islands ' acquiring the same privileges as the remote regions of the union .
we are voting for the kofoed report for four reasons :
1997 draft ecsc operating budget ( continuation )
( fi ) madam president , we in the eu are categorically opposed to the death penalty , regardless of what the accused person is possibly guilty of .
the heads of mission in tunis are concerned about the situation ; they have discussed it , and are perhaps discussing it at this very moment. they were meeting today .
for these reasons i voted against the legislative resolution .
vice-president of the commission . - madam president , i am grateful for all the remarks , which reflect very clearly the controversial nature of this topic .
mr president , as some speakers have already said , the timing of this debate is critical , not just for the parties involved but for the european union too .
all scientific claims to absolute right lead to totalitarianism , sooner or later. i therefore believe that we must adopt mr lannoye 's thought-provoking report .
mr president , it is imperative for me in this debate to set out clearly the issues at stake , and to highlight what is necessary and realistic .
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen .
with these words , then , i leave the budget for parliament to deliberate upon in its plenary session .
this proposal is now in the hands of the council and parliament for the codecision procedure .
support for the commission to consider self-regulation and co-regulation as serious strategic policy options .
the modernisation of europe 's energy infrastructures and consequent development of an integrated grid are one of europe 's priorities .
the european parliament has already expressed itself in favour of raising recycling targets and improving prevention by introducing producer responsibility. the commission 's proposal has not taken this on board .
thank you , mr swoboda. i will take another speaker in favour if there is a speaker in favour .
( explanation of vote abbreviated in accordance with rule 37 ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure )
mr president , my name has been added to amendment no 23. i did not sign that amendment and do not support it. i shall therefore vote against it .
- thirdly , that there is no overcompensation of the damage caused .
sittings in strasbourg from 10 to 14 april 2000 :
( for the results and other details on the vote : see minutes )
the debate is closed. the vote will take place at the end of the debate .
- report ( a5-0105 / 2004 ) by geoffrey van orden , on behalf of the committee on foreign affairs , human rights , common security and defence policy , on bulgaria 's progress towards accession
22 . 2007 discharge : european gnss supervisory authority (
texts of agreements forwarded by the council : see minutes
. the commission attaches great importance to the rights of freedom of religion , belief and expression in its dialogues with third countries .
mr frattini has the floor on behalf of the commission .
. we must defend the values of freedom and democracy through the legitimate use of words and the responsible adoption of legislation .
that is why , i repeat , the euro vote today is a rare moment. it is the result of the action of european militants , who must be thanked .
( ga ) mr president , it is great that we are discussing this important matter this morning and it shows how serious we are about cultural and educational matters .
corrigendum to a text adopted ( rule 216 ) : see minutes
there is mounting evidence to show that this is a modern day curse either caused , or made worse , by the level of air pollution we are forced to breathe .
( the president cut off the speaker )
( fr ) mr president , i do not know which of the rules of procedure entitles me to take the floor , but thank you for having given me the opportunity .
i thank you also for the clarity and the transparency of the work undertaken with the commission , and above all for the close attention the council has paid .
the vote will take place on thursday .
the vote on this report shows , once again , that , if majorities in the european parliament can come together on a number of issues , progress is possible .
once again , the delicate and sensitive issue of the protection of our children , i.e. the members of tomorrow ' s society , are being hijacked by commercialisation and the profit motive .
the next item is question time ( b6-0013 / 2008 ) .
may your positive intervention , mr president , convince the convention , the european council and europe as a whole to choose intelligence over stupidity , to opt for a federal constitution .
( the president asked the speaker to continue )
in the vote tomorrow , please support the committee 's opinion that crossing our external borders should become possible without long waiting times , not only in principle but also in practice .
rapporteur . - mr president , after our previous debate i am glad to see that we are still friends and that we can reach a wider consensus on these issues .
i hope , although i have my doubts about the likelihood of it , that we will reach the right decision tomorrow .
. i fully endorse the objectives set out by the commission , namely the action plan in priority areas such as conservation policy and the monitoring of fishing activities .
it is these ideas which provided inspiration for the committee on development and cooperation , and that is why i voted in favour of the report by mr gemelli .
texts of agreements forwarded by the council : see minutes
2. mobilisation of the european globalisation adjustment fund : noord brabant and zuid holland , division 18 / netherlands (
thank you very much , mr karas .
i confirm that we will exclude none of these products or markets from the requirement for supervised transparency and for intelligent , effective regulation .
i will raise that matter with the president .
finally , 13 years after creating the single market , it is time we accepted that there is a european single market which demands european champions , not national champions .
i can see that this very timely suggestion has the general support of the house. we shall therefore vote for this to be added to the ' human rights ' section .
the rapporteur deserves the commission ’ s congratulations and support for this initiative .
( it ) mr president , i am grateful to the commissioner for the answer about soil erosion , but i would like to ask him a supplementary question .
( the president cut off the speaker )
i want to congratulate the rapporteur , mrs anne jensen , in particular on her willingness to engage in dialogue and consensus when drawing up this report .
the next item is the joint debate on
on behalf of the verts / ale group . - mr president , our political group supports the visa facilitation agreement between the eu and georgia .
i would remind you that we agreed on the organisation of this debate at the conference of presidents last week .
the next item is voting time .
further to the commission 's statement , i have received six motions for a resolution pursuant to rule 37 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure . ( 1 )
these were actually shoeprints , not footprints !
furthermore , the form of waste recovery that the proposal advocates is aimed at preserving resources , reducing the pressure that is exerted on the exploitation of natural resources .
thank you very much , and the same to you , mr hökmark .
mr president , my proposal may be utopian , as mr spinelli 's was , but the proposal in the report is an anachronism. it is 25 years out of date .
and even if mrs fontaine does not always manage it , i have long since forgiven her !
the next item is the vote .
there are many other points including an almost unrestricted patenting system that force me to vote against this report .
mr president , i am just going to talk about one subject. this is a subject mrs roth-behrendt has already spoken of : the procedure for conflict resolution .
in some countries children had a better chance of basic education and health care twenty years ago than they have today .
annual report of the court of auditors
if everyone agrees , we can approve it .
i trust that the meetings you had in the european parliament were fruitful and make a positive contribution towards bringing the two institutions closer together .
the next item on the agenda is the report ( a5-0302 / 2001 ) by mr goebbels on behalf of the committee on economic and monetary affairs on the international monetary system .
( sk ) the eu is reliant on countries outside the union for its energy supply. in addition , europe is not far from an energy crisis .
let me end by thanking the commissioner , the commission departments , and the slovenian and french presidencies for the open dialogue and cooperation we have had .
the european commission has submitted documents that have constituted an excellent working basis for the european council , and has very actively backed european commitments and progress .
i have a question for mr mandelson on the same issue , so perhaps he might oblige and answer the question privately ?
– the house has completed its business .
within these limits , the european public prosecutor , acting as a coordinating authority , can make a valuable contribution to the suppression of fraud .
( the president cut off the speaker )
europe must assist nigeria with these measures , of course , but it must also put pressure on the country , as the spiral of violence absolutely has to be stopped .
. europe is facing an unprecedented demographic problem .
nevertheless , in view of the new episode that we are discussing today , we must reiterate some of the demands that this parliament has made previously .
the next item is the continuation of the joint debate on six reports on behalf of the committee on budgetary control , on discharge .
we very much regret that not even amendment no 3 on ' greening ' the administration of the eu institutions was adopted .
the next item is the statement from the commission on the forest fires in the summer of 2009 .
supervisors must be able to supervise mixed financial holding companies in a similar way to financial holding companies ( banking sector ) and insurance holding companies .
as i mentioned previously , the council had the opportunity to discuss the common position on afghanistan at its meeting at the end of january .
mr president , i would like to have voted with the junior hospital doctors of europe in their call in relation to inactive on-call time .
the vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.
junilistan welcomes many of the points and proposals for action contained in the report .
i have received five motions for resolutions in accordance with rule 42 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure .
. the report before us highlights the danger to public health of the use of certain substances , as raw materials or as intermediary materials .
mr president , high standards of human rights are part of the of the eu , both internally and internationally , in its foreign and development policies .
there are two problems which are touched on in both reports. the first , which mr parodi mentioned , is the problem of language .
16. good governance and eu regional policy (
thank you , and may i also say , mr president , how grateful we all are for your generosity in allowing so many people to speak this afternoon .
i believe there is a point of order. mr pannella has the floor for a point of order .
the vote will be taken tomorrow at 12 noon .
subject : ensuring respect for air and rail passengers ' rights
in short , we wish to obtain the necessary impetus from the ups and downs of these first ten years in order to look ahead with renewed confidence .
the vote will take place on wednesday at 12 noon .
that is the order in which they were tabled .
the union 's population is getting older. if , in 2007 , citizens over 65 years of age represented 17 % of the union 's population , in 2030 this percentage will reach 24.6 % .
4th report on economic and social cohesion - territorial agenda and the leipzig charter ( debate )
the vote will take place on wednesday at 11.30 a.m.
( the president cut off the speaker )
the regional impact of earthquakes ( debate )
thank you - there are always new arguments .
i shall now put the request to adjourn the joint debate to the vote .
mr president , the katiforis report is no more than a mundane vindication of the broad guidelines for the economic policies of the member states .
( the house rose and observed a minute 's silence )
7. entry into force on 1 august 2010 of the convention on cluster munitions ( ccm ) and the role of the eu (
voluntary cooperation between states is , however , the european method which has produced the most positive results so far , from ariane to the airbus .
the chinese health ministry also expects a greater need for medication and up-to-date medical equipment , because the survivors need to be provided with the necessary treatment for injuries .
i have received six motions for resolutions pursuant to rule 40 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure .
however , there is no human rights council , commission or un that can prevent the fight of the peoples against their subjugation .
finally , we in the green group will of course support this partnership and will vote for the excellent andré-léonard report .
- before the vote on paragraph 38 :
( explanation of vote abbreviated in accordance with rule 137 ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure )
the next item is the debate on topical and urgent subjects of major importance .
i put the objection to the vote .
during 2000-2007 , the number of jobs increased by 13 million , while the unemployment rate decreased from 9 % to 7 % .
each year the court will analyse the progress made , report on the deficiencies and recommend any measures it considers necessary .
commissioner , thank you for your information on the commission 's activities. could i just ask one more question ?
the next item is the report by anna záborská , on behalf of the committee on women 's rights and gender equality , on gender mainstreaming in the work of the committees .
6. migration from the schengen information system ( sis 1 + ) to the second generation schengen information system ( sis ii ) ( amendment of decision 2008 / 839 / jha ) (
i also want to assure you that the commission intends to continue the observatory 's work in the future and to contribute by supporting its activities .
one-minute speeches on matters of political importance
the positive assessment on estonia is also a strong positive signal for the markets as well as for the non-euro area member states at this current juncture .
the western balkans and our enlargement strategy for this region are a litmus test for our european policies .
mr president , honourable members , i want to thank you for a very professional and constructive debate , and mr deutsch for his excellent report .
i wish personally to congratulate the rapporteur for negotiating this complex issue. i hope that the house and our colleagues , when they arrive tomorrow , will unite around her .
amendments 1 , 10 , 17 , 24 , 28 , 29 , 30 , 33 , 34 , 35 , 36 , 39 , 40 , 42 ( on the recitals )
we hope , commissioner , that new ideas and a new strategy will be put forward for tampere ιι .
( the president cut the speaker off )
the june movement has today chosen to vote neither in favour of , nor against , joint motion for a resolution no. rc-b5-0543 / 2003 on the members ’ statute .
4. ec / moldova agreement : short-stay visas ( vote )
. the report before us is an annual report , which is wide-ranging and addresses a variety of subjects and should be analysed with great care .
now we move to a debate that was organised last month by the european parliament with extraordinary prescience , anticipating the events of last week , perhaps - unlike others .
. on thursday 17 november 2005 , the plenary in strasbourg will be voting on guido sacconi ’ s report , ‘ reach : establishing a european chemicals agency – persistent organic pollutants ’ ( a6-0315 / 2005 ) .
the next item is the debate on topical and urgent subjects of major importance .
we shall , of course , be voting against this report .
mr maccormick has the floor for another point of order .
mr president , i refer to the report by mr aparicio sánchez on the distribution of permits for heavy goods vehicles travelling in switzerland .
i want to repeat again that the more information that is provided by the british government on this issue , the better .
in the near future , the issue of the european control body will need to be raised again .
- advances against the aid should be allowed to reach 14 % instead of the current 7 % .
that is a very philosophical question , mr sacrédeus. i am not going to interpret what you have said , but that is the impression i have as president .
are you in favour of this item being deleted ?
outcome of the nato summit in lisbon ( debate )
let me now mention the second guideline along which the presidency hopes the enlargement process will develop in these six months .
thank you , mr president. i would like to continue where my esteemed colleague posselt left off .
we would not even call the men from these countries ' macho ' . they are certainly no more or less macho than men from northern states .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
we will continue our major contribution to the financing of actions relating to anti-personnel mines , taking account of the overall limitations on the community budget .
this is the importance of the document we are discussing today .
… so that we can adapt the priorities , the structure of expenditure and the structure of resources to the changing circumstances .
( parliament adopted the legislative resolution and thereby gave its assent )
i think , therefore , that these negotiations have been successful and would like to thank all those who have helped us to bring good news to european travellers for once .
that concludes the explanations of vote .
the third strand of our package is striking the right balance between heightened security requirements and the continuation of open trade and passenger transport .
in writing . - easy vote as well , the one on the european earth observation programme ( gmes ) ( 2011-2013 ) ( glante ) , text that we have supported too .
thank you , mrs banotti , for looking after the interests of non-smokers .
discrimination will only be effectively combated when governments stop using double talk. however , this text is a step forward on which we must build .
yesterday i received a motion of censure on the commission , which resigned collectively on 16 march 1999 .
the following questions have been submitted to the commission .
nor does the report place enough emphasis on the responsibilities devolving on the boards of the establishments in question .
– the next item is the joint debate on
mr president , i have to inform you that although i was here for yesterday 's sitting , my name has not been recorded in the minutes. thank you very much .
mr president , i have saved one minute .
the group of independents for a europe of nations has voted in favour of mrs lalumière 's own-initiative report on the future of our relations with russia .
annualisation of the 48 hour week will allow businesses to cope with seasonal fluctuations , sudden increases in demand or crisis situations .
we shall now proceed with two votes :
( the sitting was suspended at 11.55 a.m. until voting time )
although i do not agree with all the paragraphs , in the end i did support the resolution .
the european community imposes high-level standards through which we protect our consumers. however , we must ensure that the required standards are not in conflict with the agreements mentioned above .
( the sitting was suspended at 10.50 a.m. and resumed at 11.00 a.m )
i welcome the common agreement from the commission and council on this matter and congratulate the rapporteur on his ability to garner the house .
the vote will take place on 5 june .
mr president , i should like to make three points .
where exactly is all the aid that the european union promised to haiti , and not just the humanitarian aid ?
the instruments proposed by the european commission in the development of the frontex agency , namely state-of-the-art border surveillance systems , technical equipment and rapid intervention teams , are undoubtedly opportune .
- ( sk ) the own-initiative report from mr catania has prompted a significant exchange of views between political groups and members of parliament .
in writing . - ( fr ) this resolution loses its impact because important amendments relating to the recognition of the armenian genocide have been rejected by the majority of members .
- ( fr ) madam president , the european textile and clothing sector is a sector that has been hard hit over the last few years by the damaging effects of globalisation .
question 48 was declared to be inadmissible ( annex ii ( a ) ( 3 ) of the rules of procedure ) .
the situation in tibet ( motions for resolutions tabled ) : see minutes
the required majority is 278 votes. the results are as follows :
this is why i have signed the tabling of the motion of censure and will of course vote for it tomorrow .
repeats parliament 's position that the current threshold of 0.45 % of community gdp allocated to the cohesion policy is a threshold below which it is not possible to fall ;
( the president asked the speaker to wind up ) i have one more minute , mr president. i thought i had two minutes. i do not ? i will conclude then .
rapporteur . - mr president , i am delighted to be able to open our debate today on my report about emissions from light commercial vehicles ( lcvs ) .
- before the vote on paragraph 13
mr fischler , you have the floor to reply to mr izquierdo collado 's supplementary question .
dear mr caudron , it is perhaps far too pragmatic , but it is not ideology ...
similarly , i cannot agree with the demands to abolish the visa requirement for third-country nationals within the european union .
7. special report from the european ombudsman following the draft recommendation to the european commission in complaint 3453 / 2005 / gg (
in addition , it is worth emphasising that we are continuing to call for a regulation on the legal status of the political parties in europe .
in writing . - there have not been any big surprises in the amendments tabled by gue / ngl ( all were rejected ) except for the first part of amendment 6 ( western sahara ) .
globally , there were 9.4 million new cases of tuberculosis in 2008 and 1.8 million deaths. a person is infected by tuberculosis somewhere in the world every second .
the next item is the council and commission statements on the russia-european union summit .
the rise in foodstuff prices , consumer protection ( debate )
that is why we shall vote against the report on regulations governing european parties , political foundations and their funding .
i appeal to the institutions to do what they are in fact called upon to do .
i would also like to welcome the commissioner , mrs bjerregaard .
there are other areas that i could mention , but i think these are enough to show the eu ‘ at its best ’ .
question no 14 by esko seppänen ( h-0143 / 99 )
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
we also have our doubts about the condition that the structural funds for transport must be used solely for implementing this system .
a proposal for a european parliament recommendation to the council on non-proliferation and the future of the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons ( npt ) .
1. assessment and management of flood risks ( vote )
fine , we shall look into the matter , mr schlyter .
preparation for the european council meeting ( 25-26 march 2010 ) ( debate )
... the conference of group chairmen. however , the house cannot consider this proposal in these circumstances .
i would like to thank mr caveri and mr van dam , and the whole committee , for the work they have done on this difficult issue .
7. cooperation in vocational education and training to support the europe 2020 strategy (
thirdly , we propose that a consultative committee be set up. we always have disagreements in this parliament with the commission over comitology .
1. balancing fishing capacity and fishing opportunities ( vote )
the next item is question time ( b6-0224 / 2006 ) .
i therefore urge the members to support the committee on legal affairs ' compromise , which is a clear , powerful signal furthering environmental protection but does not penalise european industry .
we now need to see how much room for manoeuvre each country has for guaranteeing these goals. however , i think we are agreed on the goals .
mr president , the christian-democratic group is currently engaged in discussions , because it has not yet sorted out its views on the behaviour patterns of two socialist commissioners .
in writing . - this grants the director-general of the euratom supply agency discharge in respect of the implementation of the agency 's budget for the 2009 financial year .
mr president , i would like to say to mr pirker that this is a good report , even if , personally , i would have liked to go further .
what is needed , commissioner , i believe , is for europe to show it is capable of reducing bureaucracy and administrative burdens , whilst respecting national identities .
( the president cut off the speaker )
eu taxpayers ' money should not be spent in supporting tyrannical and murderous regimes which are the enemies of democracy , freedom and peace .
i have not gained weight ! that is a misinterpretation .
i urge you to take their positive experience on board and present suitable proposals to this house .
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
there has not really been a question , but if mr sasi wishes to respond , he may do so .
15. european international investment policy (
very briefly , firstly , my question was not specifically about recruitment policy but policy towards existing personnel .
in our statement last wednesday , the members of the quartet called upon israel to show restraint .
question no 30 by nikitas kaklamanis ( h-0075 / 99 ) subject : german presidency and accession of cyprus
thank you , mrs gill , i am sure we all share those sentiments .
we will now suspend the debate on agriculture .
by all means , commissioner. you have made full and wise use of your speaking time .
to wind up the debate , a motion for resolution has been tabled under rule 108 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11.30 a.m.
we have just been talking about large emission sources , but we also need to review the traffic system and take effective measures in this connection in future .
10. acp-eu joint parliamentary assembly ( vote )
i fully understand , mr president. to err is indeed human - very human .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
( the president asked the speaker to speak more slowly )
i do not agree , however , that liberalisation of the energy markets is part of the solution to rising prices .
sorry mr alvaro , but please put your question to the commission in writing .
mr garcía , i apologise. we shall make the correction. we had not understood that you wished to speak regarding the minutes .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
i have received six motions for resolutions tabled pursuant to rule 37 ( 2 ) .
i am not satisfied that these issues have been dealt with .
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see minutes
let me now turn to the issues highlighted by the financial-market correction for crisis prevention and crisis management , which also figure prominently in parliament 's analysis .
( the commissioner replied in the affirmative ) mrs jackson has the floor for a procedural motion .
. because of the rejection of all amendments which would have prevented european illegal fishing in the waters of western sahara i have voted against this resolution .
mr president , many disasters do admittedly take place , sometimes with reports which make one ' s blood run cold , including , for example , the
neither can we accept that israel has detained numerous palestinian ministers and members of parliament. they must be released , or at least guaranteed a fair trial .
( the president cut off the speaker )
in the explanatory statement , we find :
( the sitting was suspended at 1.20 and resumed at 3 p.m. )
it is clearly not that rule , mr president , but ...
third , what is the timeframe for relaxing visa restrictions ?
10. internal market in natural gas (
thank you , mrs bjerregaard , and i too would like to wish you a very speedy recovery .
... because , madam president , a majority in the legal affairs committee considered , on purely legal bases , that we could not take note of this loss of mep status .
we need effective independence of system operators to ensure investments and optimal network use .
. – this commission proposal suggesting amendments to the multiannual programme for enterprise and entrepreneurship , in particular for small and medium-sized enterprises , is very important .
b5-0786 / 2001 by rod and maes , on behalf of the greens / european free alliance group ,
2. compensation for certain fishery products ( vote )
that is all i have to say at the moment. on my return , i will report back to the development committee , on the monday afternoon .
i am delighted that the report by my honourable friend mr lambrinidis adopts many of the ideas of the committee on employment and social affairs .
my concerns are twofold with this financial transaction tax resolution as it stands .
the vote will take place on thursday at 11.00 a.m.
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , before answering each of the questions you have asked , i would like to remind you what the eures system is .
the aim is to ensure continuity in this area until a new legal instrument enters into force .
i make this point in order to draw your attention to this very serious problem , which millions of european pensioners - europe 's nouveaux pauvres - are already facing .
( the speaker agreed to take a blue card question under rule 149 ( 8 ) )
it would appear that people are closing ranks in defence of the french language in this house. that is very good .
mr president , fellow members , this community law which we are helping to establish presents serious difficulties as far as application in member states is concerned .
the next item is the debates on cases of breaches of human rights , democracy and the rule of law .
what is the commission 's position on " destructive embryonic research ' , and are such research projects assisted with eu resources ?
this excellent report seeks to establish a community action programme to promote organisations active at european level in the field of equality between men and women .
we now continue with the debate on the report by karin jöns on the establishment of a community programme for employment and social solidarity .
we have taken note of your statement .
now , a few words on the lisbon process. let me comment on the discussion on deregulation and liberalisation .
( the president interrupted the speaker ) our vote would therefore be no more than a pious wish which the council of europe would , of necessity , have to disregard .
madam president , my name is not on yesterday 's attendance register , although i was present , and took part in all of yesterday 's roll-call votes .
thank you very much , mrs hautala .
mr fitzsimons has the floor for a point of order .
the commission considers that the text agreed upon is balanced and , as set out in the commission 's statement to parliament , attracts the commission 's full support .
this objective should apply both to bilateral relations , in the context of negotiations on the eu future contractual relations , and to multilateral relations , within the black sea synergy .
( the president cut off the speaker )
mr fatuzzo , last night i , too , had a dream. i dreamt that parliament eventually got to decide on a change to its rules of procedure .
to end , i must say to you , madam vice-president , that you already know that you can count on the support of this parliament .
mr president , i think we need to get away from the destructive tribalism of your last comment .
of course , this would require a genuine cooperation policy with disadvantaged third countries and a sea change in immigration policy in brussels. sadly , we are far from achieving this .
i would ask the commissioner to clarify three points for us , and i hope he will come back at the end of the debate and do that .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
question no 5 by , which has been taken over by mr ortuondo larrea ( h-0783 / 01 ) :
this debate is therefore added at the top of the order of business .
11. recovery of cod stocks (
mr president , not for the first time and assuredly not for the last , i find myself asking what any of this has to do with the european union .
i do not know when you will get a reply but i will pass your remarks on to the services and ask them to respond to your question .
concerning discharge in respect of the implementation of the general budget of the european union for the 1996-1999 financial years :
report ( a5-0035 / 1999 ) by mr huhne , on behalf of the committee on economic and monetary affairs , on the annual report for 1998 of the european central bank ( c4-0211 / 1999 )
i support the request submitted to the commission for creating a public ecodesign database available online .
europe is faced with a crisis which requires a much more visionary and political project , one with new ideas , which are completely lacking in this 2020 strategy .
- secondly , china is becoming stronger and stronger on the world political scene ;
that , commissioner , is why you must hold fast to wine , which the argentinean jorge luis borges called the deep patriarchal river that flows through the history of the world .
europe will no longer be europe , and no citizen will recognise himself as european if we forget these basics .
- i welcome mr papayannakis ' report on proposals for an eu-wide compulsory identification system for cows and the labelling of beef and beef products .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
it is a compliment , mr söderman - the comment on the sense of humour - which , coming from an englishman , is of particular value .
( pt ) mr president , as this report demonstrates , young people are finding it increasingly more difficult to find jobs , which is a very serious situation .
the budget line number of ' preparatory action - erasmus for journalists ' should be changed to 09 06 05 for technical reasons .
subject : special adviser richard boomer and the heysel site
my reservations centred on the second amendment to the directive , on the use of hexavalent chromium ( or chromium vi ) in cement and in cement preparations .
the three reports on different aspects of the impending monetary union did not get my approval .
i wish you all every success in your work during the fifth legislative term .
we will take the following questions to the council .
madam president , combating violence in all its forms , and in particular against women , young people and children , is an important priority for the european commission and for me personally .
proposals on energy and climate change ( debate )
we shall now take the speakers who wish to make a personal statement , beginning with mrs avilés perea .
mr president , following mr souchet 's superb speech , i would simply , in one minute , like to call for two things .
the vote will take place on wednesday .
we reject the treaty of amsterdam and that is why we have voted against the méndez de vigo / tsatsos report .
indeed , it is our duty to be ambitious and to demand that all our young people are able to speak another language fluently , offering them bilingual education whenever possible .
presentation of the college of commissioners and statement on the framework agreement on relations between the european parliament and the commission ( debate )
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
the amendments are along these lines , and it is therefore the amended form of this text that will receive my vote in favour .
we have all the instruments available but it seems that when it comes to defending civil liberties versus security there is a certain shyness in applying them .
this debate on air quality concerns the particular problem of ozone in ambient air , as set out in the davies report .
the vote will take place at the end of the debates .
dates for next sittings : see minutes
b5-0417 / 2002 , by mr van den bos and mr mulder , on behalf of the eldr group ,
the next item is the report by mr piecyk , on behalf of the committee on transport and tourism , on an integrated maritime policy for the european union .
i entirely agree of course with the opinions expressed in relation to the events in jericho .
forwarding of texts adopted during the sitting : see minutes
mr president , could it be that an honourable member of the christian social union has one or two blind spots ?
question no 32 by richard howitt ( h-0647 / 97 )
. mr president , even though the debate was not a chorus of praise , i have listened very carefully to each and every one of you .
the vote will take place tomorrow ( wednesday , 15 december 2010 ) .
3. the child 's physical size is taken into account as a parameter for the use of seat belts .
you have risen to honour the memory of andreas papandreou. i thank you .
then , of course , i also firmly believe that an explicit reference to europe ’ s judaeo-christian roots should be written into the preamble to the constitution .
mr president , would you be prepared to agree with me that anonymous articles quoted in evidence are about as useless as statements by mr coates ?
of course , mr bradbourn , i wholeheartedly agree with you .
mr titley , i will of course pass on your request .
we are in a ‘ period of reflection ’ on the future the constitutional treaty .
i give the floor first to mr elchlepp , who has four minutes to move his question .
dates for next sittings : see minutes
we welcome attempts to improve them .
third , it highlights the weak position of europe due to increasing energy dependence on russia and the delay in ratification of the lisbon treaty .
( b5-0152 / 2002 ) by mr oostlander and mr morillon , on behalf of the group of the european people 's party ( christian democrats ) and european democrats , on tunisia ;
( the sitting was suspended at 12.46 p.m. and resumed at 3.00 p.m. )
. mr president , the commission welcomes the debate here today on a problem that gives rise to serious concern , that of trafficking in human organs .
give professional organisations a proper say in the qualitative assessment of the product
b5-0200 / 2001 , by mrs thors , on behalf of the group of the european liberal , democrat and reform party , on turkmenistan ;
after the vote on amendment no 32 :
thank you for your help - but it was not a point of order. i think mrs bonino wants to reply .
that is why , if you want to impose this human rights charter , you should consult the people first in a referendum. pactio olisipio censenda est !
while british conservatives are most supportive of measures to strengthen a genuine single market in most sectors , defence should continue to be the exception and should be safeguarded .
these guidelines will involve political decisions which will be reflected in the july conciliation , and will then form part of the first reading .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11.30 a.m.
the next item is a commission communication on urgent political matters of major importance .
– a warm welcome to you all !
the vote will take place tomorrow at 10 a.m.
( fr ) ' europe quite rightly wants to equip herself with a common policy and currency but , most of all , she needs a soul ' .
( fi ) madam president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , it seems strange that there should be opposition to this excellent and important programme in this house , given the worsening employment situation .
polish society enjoys the wholehearted confidence of the ppe-de group in that it will take the appropriate steps against these homophobic trends which have started to appear .
mr mann , once we accepted amendment no 22 , it replaced that paragraph. we cannot put a paragraph that was replaced to the vote again .
( the speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under rule 149 ( 8 ) )
the next item is question time ( b4-0520 / 97 ) . we will take questions to the commission .
bi-annual evaluation of the eu belarus dialogue ( motions for resolutions tabled ) : see minutes
i deeply regret this delay and , like my fellow members , i hope that you will be able to remedy it as soon as possible .
b5-0595 / 2001 by mrs carlotti and mr van den berg , on behalf of the pse group , on the situation in togo ;
subject : the demographic challenge , families and work
the next item is the commission communication on the new generation of community education and training programmes 2007 – 2013 and on ‘ active citizenship ’ .
commissioner , i can only assume that means you are not withdrawing the text .
this is surely a better model for the organisation of our continent than the control of all cross-border matters from brussels. let us extend that dispensation beyond aviation .
does the commission intend to tackle the lack of transparent pricing in the food supply chain ?
that concludes the explanations of vote
i very much look forward to this debate .
a second olaf case relating to projects funded by the eib is currently being investigated. it involves public procurement procedures .
there is a need to boost the community budget in order to promote economic and social cohesion at eu level ;
i can assure you that the bureau will look into this matter , mr provan .
the vote will take place on thursday , 17 february 2011 .
the commission and the member states should realise that we can achieve much more together than by going our separate ways .
5. financing instrument for development cooperation (
constructive , rational and mutually beneficial cooperation and fulfilment of international commitments by russia , on the other hand , certainly could .
i am sorry , mrs plooij-van gorsel , i have to cut you off because we are constrained by speaking time. i am very sorry .
it is now also up to the member states to extend these rules to their national transport networks as soon as possible and not just after 15 years .
i will now go through the content of the set plan. however , it would probably be easier if i change to my mother tongue , which i shall now do .
the next item is the joint debate on euromed , which will include the following :
in the european union and developing countries , concerns about the textiles and clothing industry and the impact of opening the market to china have still not been allayed .
( fr ) mr president , i would like to congratulate you most warmly. you ran a very good race .
( fr ) madam president , i should like to begin by commending the work of my fellow members , mrs nedelcheva and mrs plumb .
global energy efficiency and renewable energy fund ( debate )
the final draft agenda drawn up by the conference of presidents at its meeting on thursday , 10 january , under rule 110 , has been distributed .
the sitting was closed at 9 p.m.
mr esteven , we do have the word " regional " right at the beginning .
there will be no peace , either in kosovo or elsewhere , for as long as milosevic remains in charge of the yugoslav regime .
report ( a5-0041 / 2000 ) by mr katiforis , on behalf of the committee on economic and monetary affairs , on the commission document on the eu economy : 1999 review ( c5-0081 / 2000 - 2000 / 2046 ( cos ) )
since the commission is the body which initiates legislation , i urge you , commissioner , to consider acting on the findings of any such inquiry you may care to set up .
these three issues must be closely followed up by our committee and by parliament. we shall ensure that this happens .
our amendments and those tabled by other groups , many of which have been supported by the group of the european people 's party , are designed to help solve these problems .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
community action programme in the field of health - action to tackle cardiovascular disease ( debate )
question no 9 by maría izquierdo rojo ( h-0738 / 02 ) :
firstly , and i think quite self-evidently , the activities undertaken should be in tune with the proposed requirements as they are presently stated in the programme .
for rapid internet access : in addition to a radical reduction in charges , a timetable for the complete coverage of the territory .
as you will understand , it is beyond my personal capacities to resolve this problem in any other way. we will therefore begin the questions without wasting any more time .
parliament rejected the proposal to postpone the vote
i am sorry , mrs maes , but i really do have to stop you there. you have already gone one and a half minutes beyoond your time .
i declare adjourned the session of the european parliament .
( the oral amendment was not accepted )
in writing . - ( pt ) the reduction in biodiversity is one of the greatest challenges facing society today and is becoming even more worrying in the context of climate change .
( de ) madam president , in consultation with the two rapporteurs , i propose the following addition :
finally , i was informed that the european initiative for democracy and human rights is not currently funding projects in cuba .
composition of committees and delegations : see minutes
without further ado , the union and the member states must plan for the social and economic consequences of an ageing european population and take this demographic change into account .
labelling , presentation and advertising of foodstuffs
i leave you with one last thought. it is clear that the reform of the sugar industry will only benefit multinational companies , not the ldc and acp countries .
question no 7 by ioannis theonas ( h-0618 / 98 )
i call upon mr florio to move this request .
what is needed in europe and throughout the world is to establish clear roles linked to clear deadlines .
proposals to extend those same criteria to seaports in the ultraperipheral regions are doubly unacceptable. they would affect , for example , the seaport of ponta delgada in the azores .
( the members of the european parliament proceeded to the ballot boxes )
and my second point : we talk about the dignity of parliament. what about the dignity of black and ethnic minority people subject to racial harassment , victimisation and discrimination ?
firstly , by improving our understanding of exclusion by establishing an indicator and evaluation criteria directed at target groups in particular .
we must do the same ; we must give credit to small businesses by issuing money practically as states no longer in debt but in credit .
the vote will take place on wednesday at noon .
this idea is nothing new , since the union of industrial and employers ' confederations in europe ( unice ) has called for the same thing .
so we still have to see how the european court of justice will interpret the protocol of those two member states .
this is why our group will support the call for appropriate treatment and the request to grant mr peltier clemency .
the obligation to conserve the information forwarded to the state of nationality is laid down .
( the sitting was closed at 10.55 p.m. )
8. regulation applying a scheme of generalised tariff preferences ( vote )
i only hope that both the commission and the council will take note of the unanimous position of the european parliament .
the next item is the report by mrs oomen-ruijten , on behalf of the committee on employment and social affairs , on ' towards adequate , sustainable and safe european pension systems ' .
we shall continue with the vote .
mr corbett , i will pass on your comments to the president , and the bureau will look into all our working procedures in may .
written declarations included in the register ( rule 123 ) : see minutes
subject : international cooperation on tax havens and offshore companies
in the field of transparency and access to documents , the commission thoroughly examines all the complaints addressed to it by the ombudsman .
member of the commission . - mr president , the commission thinks the 112 emergency number is great !
madam president , i would therefore ask you whether in future , when as a group we submit to you the list of speakers per subject , you could keep to it .
having said this , i would like to go back to two difficult points , which were raised at the beginning of our discussions :
as far as the link between the rtte directive and this package goes , we are ready to consider and study that issue. i will come back to that later .
( parliament adopted the resolution ) joint motion for a resolution on kurdish refugees and on the position of the european union
author . - madam president , i will now repeat it correctly for the sake of mr romeva i rueda .
thank you very much , commissioner .
in conclusion , this directive is a major contribution to the reduction of negative effects on the environment and the risks they pose to human health .
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , when reading our colleague 's report i had the feeling of attending a play of the absurd school , possibly written by dürenmatt or berthold brecht .
the next item is the joint debate on the following two reports :
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
thank you very much , mr solbes .
it is understood that the technical services are making every effort to determine the reason for this malfunction and that all functions will be restored for tomorrow 's votes .
the number and substance of proposals submitted is so considerable that it has already given rise to two movements which will , i hope , have major repercussions in the future .
today , what we need is to try and find a compromise and an agreement .
- ( fr ) we voted in favour of this report because of the various elementary adoptions of position which it contains .
i look forward to the debate you will have on the proposal .
i am against dirigisme and protectionist policies. like mr mandelson , i support a free market – but a free market with rules for all , not just for some .
these are but a very few of the international issues on which close cooperation across the atlantic is necessary .
mr president , i would like to raise a point of order under rule 166 concerning annex ii ( a ) of the rules of procedure of this house .
debates on cases of breaches of human rights , democracy and the rule of law ( announcement of motions for resolutions tabled ) : see minutes
i would like to underline just three specific ideas or items from your report , because there are many and i will not comment on all of them .
mr president , i think i already overran my time earlier. you should have interrupted me. i am sorry , i was not paying attention .
it was particularly important for the committee on development to have a financing instrument for development cooperation intended only for developing countries .
the need to codify and simplify current community legislation in this field and to encourage the member states to apply this more rigorously ;
we are , in all senses , on two sides of the same ocean. we have our differences , but we are united by the same core values .
( parliament approved the motion for a resolution )
mr president , an ambitious , legally-binding treaty is needed urgently .
b5-0103 / 2001 , by mr dupuis and others , on behalf of the tdi group , on the earthquake in india ;
subject : police academy and eu border protection
the next item is the continuation of the debate on the statements by the council and the commission on the situation in albania after the elections .
the minutes of thursday 29 november have been distributed .
without wishing to set a precedent , i must tell you that the french version is the correct version .
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , 10 years after the beijing conference , reality continues to be implacable for millions of women in the european union .
as they deal with the same subject , questions nos 11 and 12 shall be taken together .
that was all i was able to convey , focusing on two issues to which the house has devoted a good deal of political energy and debate .
anyone who thinks that the european union is going in the direction of doing less and devolving power need only look at today 's vote .
europe should unite in defending the dignity of all human life , from the moment of conception until death .
in writing . - ( sv ) explanation of vote concerning the proposal on population and housing censuses .
the vote will take place during the next part-session .
formal sitting - address by ban ki-moon , secretary-general of the united nations
( the sitting was closed at 11.15 p.m. )
partly acceptable : 2 , 29 , 31 , 43 , 54 , 55 , 61 and 79 .
madam president , that was a very good example of a french expression of an inferiority complex vis-à-vis america !
i appeal to mr sterckx to seek a formula for consensus where we concentrate genuinely on maritime safety in europe rather than an internal debate .
the fiori report has not received my support. i have abstained for two reasons .
approval of minutes of previous sitting
the following questions are addressed to the council .
commissioner , none of the rapidly developing countries have the kind of administrative juggernaut that we have in europe .
we also believe that the less developed countries can be given the right to regulate their imports of agricultural products for the time being .
the vote will take place on thursday , 26 march 2009 .
( the sitting was closed at 11.50 p.m. )
mr president , i hope everyone enjoyed cancún. it is a lovely place but i am a bit disappointed to see that none of them has a suntan .
( sv ) mr president , i am glad that the spineless , cowardly swedish presidency is over .
the next item is the report ( a5-0276 / 2003 ) by mrs zorba , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , on cultural industries ( 2002 / 2127 ( ini ) ) .
i declare open the 2003-2004 session of the european parliament .
( pl ) mr president , in my contribution to the debate on the report on public finances in the emu countries for 2006 , i would like to make a few observations .
the vote will be at 11.30 a.m. tomorrow .
many reasons can be given to justify my vote in favour of this report ; i shall simply mention them .
finally , this trade round is a development round. the negotiations must not focus on the singapore issues , but instead all the more on the development issues .
the push for implementing european union ( eu ) strategy on defence-related industries is clearly aimed at boosting arms sales and finding new markets for eu arms manufacturers .
the next item is the council and commission statements on the situation in the former yugoslav republic of macedonia .
. mr president , i should like to welcome two documents , the report before us and the commission ’ s communication .
thirdly , you talked about work on the exchange of information on sex offenders , but when are we going to have a computerised database ?
( the sitting was suspended at 7.35 p.m. and resumed at 9.00 p.m. )
two elements in particular are typical of this opinion :
as a number of colleagues have pointed out , we are actually voting on something that we cannot read. we have no consolidated text. it is an absolute scandal !
ladies and gentlemen , i propose that we hold a minute 's silence .
mr rübig wishes to put a supplementary question .
parliament is in favour of rigour , in the sense of a more efficient and rational use of financial resources .
i should like to thank once again michl ebner , the committee and all of you .
we reject the announcement of the end of the milk quota system , the renationalisation of the common agricultural policy and the continued injustices in the allocation of aid .
subject : simplified selection procedure for temporary staff at the commission
i would like to make three points .
the proposals advocate giving the united nations a significant and central role in ensuring that a democratic iraq regains its independence at the earliest opportunity .
the sitting was suspended at 3.50 p.m. and resumed at 4.05 p.m.
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
closing of the renault plant in belgium
( b5-0221 / 2002 ) by mrs mckenna and mrs lucas , on behalf of the verts / ale group , on burma / myanmar ;
is applicable to all future and existing agreements dealing with information sharing for law enforcement purposes ;
there is no transition to democracy in ethiopia , commissioner , and i would be grateful if you would tell this to your colleague louis michel .
mr president , i should very briefly like to reply to the contributions from the honourable members representing the different political groups in this house .
subject : initiatives by the slovene presidency regarding a new approach to neighbourhood policy and energy
this is the reasoning behind our amendment no 40. i invite you to support it .
there may well be a requirement for improving the institutional workings of the eu through treaty changes , but this does not necessarily mean a complex new constitution .
the following amendments have been proposed :
historical references cannot gauge certain farmers ' compliance with high environmental standards ( para . 16 )
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11.30 p.m.
we refuse to approve this farce. that is why we abstained from voting on this text .
on behalf of the whole of parliament , i wish the delegation a very warm welcome !
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 p.m.
furthermore , russia is prone to manipulating energy supplies to pursue its political ambitions. lithuania has already experienced this .
i end by saying that this type of social dumping must be stopped by implementing all the provisions of the directive on the posting of workers .
41. eu agriculture and climate change (
the vote will take place tomorrow .
what new instruments or mechanisms will the commission propose to generate real prospects of economic and social integration with the mediterranean countries in the short and medium term ?
ladies and gentlemen , i have not heard baroness ashton offer our support yet , either yesterday or today .
despite considerable efforts , it was impossible to bridge the gap between the two institutions , in particular with regard to the type of committee to be chosen for the act .
i get the impression that perhaps the groups would agree to having the vote on wednesday .
1. ec-chile association agreement ( accession of bulgaria and romania ) ( vote )
on behalf of the uen group . - ( pl ) mr president , i would like to express my appreciation to mrs bowles and mrs van den burg for their reports .
b5-0364 / 2002 , by mr cushnahan and others , on behalf of the group of the european people 's party ( christian democrats ) and european democrats , on the present situation in malaysia ;
a new approach to the ce mark which symbolises a safe product that meets eu requirements .
the next author , mr toussas , who is absent , and mr ziobro , will receive written replies , as explained earlier .
identification , registration and labelling of beef
( the president cut off the speaker )
( the sitting was opened at 9 a.m. )
mrs müller , can you tell under which rule you are asking for the floor ?
as they deal with the same subject , the following questions will be taken together :
i take note of your point. i will send a response to you as well as to mr tannock .
the vote will be taken at noon tomorrow .
at the time in the european union there was a decrease in the incidence of zoonosis in chicken , without using the us methods .
the power given to the commission to adjust the amount in line with inflation , in accordance with the regulatory procedure with scrutiny , is also appropriate .
3. request for defence of the immunity of giuseppe gargani ( vote )
question no 59 by jonas sjöstedt ( h-0734 / 98 )
moreover , mr lamy , the commissioner-delegate , described the building of europe as a phenomenon without historical determinism , " a human and fragile endeavour . " he doubted that there was really a future ...
the following questions are addressed to the commission .
the third such instrument is the stepping up of consular cooperation .
mr president , the eu has half a billion inhabitants , and this number of people is not negligible in world politics. the usa has only 296 million people .
subject : western sahara and the un convention on the law of the sea
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , please forgive me , but i am going to have to destroy the wonderful unanimity which is prevailing in this chamber .
on this basis alone , my party opposes this measure .
many unemployed people in the world and in europe do not receive the support that speculators enjoy worldwide when they speculate against weaker currencies .
the vote will take place today at 12 noon .
to accept family reunification in general and not as a special characteristic of certain categories of immigrants ;
solidarity is one of the european union 's distinctive hallmarks , and we have to strengthen that solidarity with regard to the future .
the vote will take place during the next part-session .
ukip deplores the behaviour of russia towards estonia , but cannot vote in favour of any resolution from the eu parliament whose legitimacy we do not recognise .
however , now it is at political level , because it is coming to an end in 2010. we must ...
the debate is adjourned until 9 p.m.
by manuel medina ortega , on behalf of the committee on legal affairs , on institutional and legal implications of the use of ' soft law ' instruments .
thus , the democratic control over the destination of public money is undermined , a fact that the parliament firmly rejects .
. i warmly welcome this resolution on observers from bulgaria and romania .
on behalf of the alde group . - mr president , the murder of governor salmaan taseer is not only a private tragedy but a tragedy for democracy in pakistan .
madam president , i should just like to point out that my name is not on yesterday 's attendance register , although i took part in all the votes .
on behalf of the alde group . - madam president , i shall definitely speak about cuba !
it is for that reason that the importance of accepting the need , at least in principle , for a universal level of service , must be recognized .
however , if military action was attempted , only saddam hussein would be morally responsible .
when you allow this kind of omission and , at the same time , sit down at friendly trade negotiations with china , you are in danger of signalling eu approval .
the vote will take place on thursday .
mr president , i hope it is not a disappointment to mrs lulling that the commission has the last word .
i will support these issues in this vote and i consider it vital for pedestrians across the eu that more is done to improve the safety of pedestrians .
the minutes of yesterday ' s sitting have been distributed .
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
should you decide to act on that deplorable idea , you will be freed from your chains , if necessary against your will !
( the president cut off the speaker )
( de ) the next item on the agenda is the presentation by the council of the draft general budget for 2008 .
one was of the demonstrators , the majority of whom were immigrants , brandishing palestinian , algerian , hamas and hezbollah flags , and banners with inscriptions in arabic .
the vote will take place on thursday 18 december 2008 .
- an international environmental organisation for the protection and improvement of the global environment and natural resources .
on behalf of the uen group . - ( pl ) madam president , mr rübig has - as usual - presented an excellent report. congratulations to him .
however , the final title and scope of this report was much less precise than we had anticipated , and its conclusions are at significant variance from our own .
i am counting on the commission , and specifically on you , commissioner , to allocate adequate resources for effective action .
i would like to ask for a roll-call vote on this .
we are asking for ecu 3 million in addition to that what was agreed in the committee on budgets and we ask the house to vote for this proposal .
commission 's position on amendments by parliament
i would like to contribute to this debate by making three remarks of the following nature - general , specific and political .
. mr president , tourism is an important social , cultural and economic phenomenon. it brings challenges that we have to face .
the item will be added to thursday ' s voting time .
we do not consider this report to be an issue for the european parliament and have therefore chosen to abstain in the vote .
the report submitted to you today and adopted unanimously by the members of the committee on development seems to me to represent a first step towards this necessary revision .
the vote will take place at 12 noon .
mr president , i should also like to welcome the comments from the commissioner and , in particular , from the two rapporteurs. the points that they touch on are very important .
( the president of the house , josé sócrates and josé manuel barroso proceed to sign the charter of fundamental rights )
in your oral presentation today , you said :
i have received six motions for resolutions pursuant to rule 37 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
i will start with question no 15 on pakistani military assets. this question is by mr rutowicz and i urge the council to answer this question directly .
a coordinated fight by the workers is needed so that , on the basis of the principle of prevention , exposure limits and actual exposure to electromagnetic fields can be reduced .
mr gollnisch , excuse me , you have one minute. i know that you always take particular care to ensure that the rules of procedure are observed .
the european union will maintain its aid in support of civil society and democratisation , regional and humanitarian cooperation , neighbourhood programmes and measures for facilitating movement in border areas .
europe has standards of civility in this field : i believe that this strong , commonly held sense of responsibility and solidarity forms an integral part of its identity .
for these reasons we voted against the report .
thank you , mr frattini. i apologise for the noise , but it was not a lack of courtesy towards you .
this plan shows that the basic principles established by the stability and growth pact and the lisbon strategy have rendered us capable of providing a real european solution .
– i should like to join in the congratulations on mr ó neachtain ’ s excellent report and his consistent commitment on this issue that is so close to our hearts .
i shall conclude on that note and thank you for your attention .
3 ) in relation to fees review
the president of the commission has given his answer and we must now continue the debate .
( the sitting was closed at 10.56 a.m. )
i have voted against the joint resolution because it follows the italian government 's approach of taking a favourable view of asylum applications from citizens of kurdish origin .
the next item is the joint debate on the following oral questions to the commission :
mr president , mr caudron addressed seven points from his report. i shall address three matters that are not included , but should have been .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 p.m.
i hope that in the months ahead these are arguments that we hear put with compassion and commitment to those who will , i trust , be doing their democratic duty .
we have thus stemmed the flow of money financing acts of terror , the lifeline without which international terrorism cannot survive .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12.00 noon .
congratulations to our prize winners on the courage they have shown .
sixthly , we want an agreement on the establishment of an international mechanism on scientific expertise on biodiversity .
yet the fact remains that for my fishing industry , the common fisheries policy continues to wreak havoc .
wishing everyone a safe journey home to their countries , i declare this sitting of the european parliament closed .
the vote on all four reports will take place on 6 april at 12 : 00 .
free movement of doctors and mutual
the next item is the council and commission statements on the suspension of aid to the palestinian authority .
humanitarian disaster in mongolia- b5-0191 / 2001 by mr van den berg and mr lage , on behalf of the pse group : humanitarian disaster in mongolia ;
i very much hope therefore that the european parliament will be able to give a favourable opinion on the draft agreement .
madam president , mr struan stevenson has offered me his two minutes as he is unable to be here. may i take it is as ppe-de time ?
the next item is the joint debate on
commemoration of the tragedy in the united states on 11 september 2001
( for the results and other details on the vote : see minutes )
i hardly think parliament will agree to that request , but there is nothing wrong with proposing it .
there is no doubt that the sustainability of fisheries resources is crucial to the long-term survival and viability of the fisheries sector .
i am convinced that regimes such as the regime in burma have to fall sooner or later and the european union should help it fall .
( ro ) the european works council and the procedure for informing and consulting employees in undertakings or groups of undertakings are vital instruments in offering employees protection .
in writing . ( sk ) we have adopted a codified proposal based on the preliminary consolidated wording of directive 83 / 477 / eec as amended .
lastly , i agree with most of the comments expressed in mrs hermange ' s report and my group will , of course , vote for this report .
the irish language becomes an official working language of the eu institutions on 1 january 2007 .
the eu must ensure that this processing plant will not be left to deal with the consequences of accepting 4 000 contaminated pigs .
madam president , i am speaking on behalf of mr roubatis , who is a member of the committee on external relations and cannot be here today .
i have three specific proposals , mr president :
how can we ignore what is happening in chechnya after the unanimous reaction against the killings of palestinians ?
( fr ) mr president , ladies and gentlemen , europe is in a bad way and the world is not fairing any better .
the simple fact that this meeting , despite its political and budgetary consequences , has been shortened to just one day is worrying in itself .
the vote will take place tomorrow .
the rapporteur is also right when he says that the application procedure needs to be simplified .
to be honest i have nothing further to add to my previous responses .
the next item is voting time .
the request for the quorum to be established was rejected .
questions which have not been answered for lack of time will receive written answers ( see annex ) .
it is also clear that we need an industry-restructuring plan. last time the commission did not take this into account , as parliament asked .
madam president , i am very pleased to have the opportunity to discuss this issue again with you. we have discussed it on numerous occasions , including in committee .
... and hearing the views unless they were going to be taken into account. of course they will be taken into account .
would there need to be two rounds of ratification , one for enlargement of the eu and one for enlargement of the eea ?
for all these reasons , the eu 's strategy must be to negotiate seriously and firmly .
madam president , i would like to thank the honourable member for that question .
our duty , as elected representatives , is to make this participation real , productive and tangible. europe will thereby consolidate its role as a global player .
experience proves the good cost-effective relationship and the crucial role played by port state measures , in conjunction with other instruments , in the fight against iuu fishing .
question no 11 by maría izquierdo rojo ( h-0084 / 02 ) :
( the sitting was closed at 12.20 p.m. )
the commission 's proposal really does not match economic realities .
mr president , i am happy to pass on the message of this debate to my colleagues , mr lamy and mr nielson. i will , however , make a few comments .
i am grateful to all the shadow rapporteurs and all my fellow members for the efforts that they have made .
of course hungary 's involvement in the media ii programme is important but it will also help the implementation of the television without frontiers directive .
the next item is the joint debate on
the european parliament must set an example by adopting sustainability criteria , particularly in public procurement .
furthermore , we managed to reduce the exception which the council wanted for peak-load power stations , with the result that the polluting emission can be curtailed in this respect too .
in conclusion , honest citizens of the union can only welcome the creation of an instrument which fights dishonest people at all times and in all areas .
as regards the three objectives for the turin igc on which there is great unanimity in the parliament , i think that the problem is most serious .
as far as cofinancing is concerned , i should like to ask you to comment on this once more : this is an area where we certainly need greater flexibility .
parliament has now come to the end of its agenda .
the main one concerns the excessive role that the union has allowed the wto to play in reconciling trade rules with environmental rules ;
in writing . - ( fr ) reform of the system for intervention in support of maize is a matter of necessity .
it is quite obvious that there were problems in terms of implementation and non-compliance by some of the member states with the rules that they themselves had agreed .
one significant fact is that 120 people sentenced to death have been released before execution because their innocence has been proven .
( the house rose and observed a minute 's silence )
mr fabre-aubrespy , i have already answered your question and my answer has not changed .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
it is also important to note that many acp governments were pressured by the european commission to sign the interim agreements before the expiry of the waiver .
mr president , can i ask you for a two-minute break while people are leaving the chamber ? or a one-minute break ?
i have received a motion for a resolution from the committee on civil liberties and internal affairs ( b4-1333 / 96 ) .
16. production and marketing of eggs ( codified version ) ( vote )
we shall now proceed to the vote .
( the president declared the common position approved as amended )
i thank the president-in-office for the reply and wish him well in his presidency .
could i ask the security staff to ensure that the doors are closed so that we can hear our debate .
on the subject of amendment 3 :
bold community funding is more than needed in order to avoid all this .
reports like this one do not help build europe. rather , they destroy europe .
as a result of a problem with the voting machine , my intended vote was not recorded .
the next item is the debate on seven motions for resolutions on religious freedom in pakistan .
please , mr president-in-office , let us hear just a few words , but ones of substance .
constitutionalisation of the treaties - reinforced cooperation - island status
we shall now proceed to the vote .
in writing . - ( fr ) the social economy needs more than ever to have a specific legal framework and mrs toia 's report is a step in the right direction .
proper and efficient market functioning , the building of interconnections and supplier and route diversification are the best defence against future crises .
( pl ) madam president , excuse me , but i would just like to explain my voting on the report on macedonia , if that is possible .
as far as employment policy is concerned , i expect more from the promised economic recovery , from the upswing , than from the action plans on paper .
3. migration to the second generation schengen information system ( sis ii ) (
mr president , i do not see any contradiction here whatsoever and , therefore , i would prefer that you submitted it to the vote of the house .
mr president , i should like to say a few introductrory words and then perhaps go on to explain our oral question .
lastly , i urge the commission not to overlook traditional activities such as aquaculture in estuaries and their impact on the natural environment , much of which is protected .
if amendment 1 is adopted , the original paragraph falls .
the next item is the report by michael cashman , on behalf of the committee on petitions , on the confiscation of automobiles by the greek authorities ( 2005 / 2005 ( ini ) ) ( a6-0394 / 2005 ) .
the mouvement pour la france delegation in the european parliament obviously voted against this report , aware of the purely symbolic nature of doing so .
i will tomorrow have the chance to contribute in a modest way to the search for the spirit which is , it seems to me , a little lost .
question no 34 by anita pollack ( h-0736 / 97 )
does the group making the request agree ?
ladies and gentlemen , i think we should continue with our work. i am going to hand over the chair to mr avgerinos , with my thanks .
for these reasons , madam president , ladies and gentlemen , i would again appeal , if i may , for european solidarity .
road safety issues are undoubtedly extremely important , as also are efforts to reduce the number of accidents .
ladies and gentlemen , we are not always able to clearly explain these pitfalls to our citizens nor propose clear and acceptable solutions .
ladies and gentlemen , please take the rules of procedure seriously .
i will continue to press for the restrictions on what can be done through the medium of irish to be lifted .
after hearing this morning 's debate and the opinions from various quarters , i wish only to lay emphasis on two aspects of mr ruffolo 's report .
as you know , the vote has been deferred to a later sitting .
mr president , i welcome the action plan and wish to thank mrs jeggle for her work .
we believe that underlying the resolution is an intention to strengthen the cfsp and parliament 's influence on these issues. we are therefore voting against the resolution .
president-in-office . - ( sl ) first , regarding the question asked by mrs harkin .
your comments have been noted , mr posselt. if there are no further comments , the minutes are approved .
the next item is questions to the commission ( b5-0338 / 2001 ) .
that simple observation is all it takes to condemn a text where good intentions are not enough to mask federalist logic and a dangerous lack of realism .
admittedly , even when under examination by the council a number of member states expressed reservations about the usefulness of european groupings of territorial cooperation .
the commission has already taken steps systematically to monitor progress in adopting and implementing the guidelines at european level as part of the eeurope benchmarking effort .
thank you very much , mr goebbels. the debate is heating up , and this is positive in terms of ensuring that more members become involved in it .
although this is a reasonably substantial and difficult agenda , there are still a few subjects that have been left aside for the time being , which we regret .
thank you , commissioner. i think we can also thank the rapporteur once again .
mr president , i would like to divide my speech into two sections : i will first of all discuss aceh and then i will go on to look at papua .
general economic policy guidelines - european employment pact
( fr ) the next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
the vote will take place on thursday at noon .
dear daniel cohn-bendit , i am glad to have the pleasure of your company in the chamber today .
i ask my colleagues in parliament to give this report their full support. i ask the commission to respond to it with vigour , determination and singleness of purpose .
who wishes to speak in favour of this request ?
i would like once again to thank the french presidency , which has not only showed will , but has also proven its intelligence .
how many women workers are employed in tobacco cultivation in the eu ? how many young farmers are engaged in this activity ?
question no 38 by paul rübig ( h-1252 / 98 )
i am delighted. reconciliation is the very basis of the european project .
one-minute speeches on matters of political importance
i do not want to conclude without mentioning with satisfactory coverage of women 's rights within this report . !
the next item is the commission statement on problems with salmon .
fighting trafficking in human beings ( debate )
allow me to finish simply by saying that trade union and social rights and collective agreements must never be viewed as administrative barriers .
mr van buitenen must be reinstated without delay .
i will end , mr president , by congratulating mr bourlanges and particularly commissioner vitorino , with whose speech i agree entirely .
all this is to ensure recovery , to prevent costs being passed on to small and medium-sized enterprises and citizens and , above all , to avoid having a single banking system .
subject : electronic and electromagnetic security of eu institutions
last but not least - it is worth repeating - the base at guantánamo must be closed , and cuba must regain control of its entire territory .
si conclude così il turno di votazioni .
i hope , commissioner , that this will give you a reason to drum up support from the commission for a reshaping of the convention 's proposals on this subject .
thank you for a good debate .
would it not be preferable to find out how , possibly via re-training routes , these people could find employment ?
- two amendments ( 11 and 19 ) only concern an error in one linguistic version .
in addition , there are people on pension who are getting more on pension than they were getting twenty years ago when they had young children and a large mortgage .
i have received six motions for resolutiontabled in accordance with rule 103 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
• support in building state institutions active throughout the country .
motion for a resolution ( b5-0620 / 2002 ) tabled by diana wallis and astrid thors on behalf of the eldr group , on the statute for members
b5-0055 / 2002 by mr rod , mrs maes and mrs isler béguin on behalf of the group of the greens / european free alliance
eu tomato imports from morocco ( petition 1565 / 2009 ) ( debate )
finally , let me wish you all a merry christmas and a happy new year .
i do not believe so. yet we must , now that the commission has imposed on us this report on implementation , concentrate on these important matters .
thank you very much , mr barroso .
( the speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under rule 149 ( 8 ) )
mr president , i want to begin by thanking my colleague , mrs swiebel for the sterling work she has done on this report .
at any rate , let there be no doubt , before october , mr fabra vallés , you will have a full answer to all your questions .
b5 ­ 0742 / 2000 by mr miranda and others , on behalf of the confederal group of the european united left / nordic green left , on the human rights situation in colombia .
yes , 2004 was the year of the constitutional treaty , which opens up new horizons for people and for the european parliament , as shown by the questions put by mr cavada .
we therefore voted against this report , even though we agree with some paragraphs in it , particularly where it asks for clarification from the commission .
– madam president , the question is , what do we want : do we want a new iraq in iran ?
the economic losses due to climate change are estimated at more than usd 125 billion per year and , once again , 90 % are borne by developing countries .
mr president , i would like to offer my congratulations to the rapporteur as many others have already done .
in closing , in many people 's eyes the cfp is drinking in the last-chance saloon. there is too much at stake to get it wrong a second time .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12.00 noon .
it is very startling that our commission is presenting a proposal that includes such intrusive questions and which in practice amounts to registration of citizens .
thank you very much for your speech , commissioner , which was full of feeling and commitment and also very much in line with parliament 's concerns and demands .
32. discharge 2005 : section ii , council ( vote )
pursuant to rule 42 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure , i have received a motion for a resolution to end this debate .
in contrast to what the report says , only traditional families and social respect for motherhood provide the remedy we need .
my group and i are going to support these amendments .
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
finally , i should like to find out from you what steps the commission has taken so far in order to introduce the push system .
you also agree on the simplification of the reimbursement system for health and maternity insurance as a consequence of the modification of the implementing regulation 574 / 72 , 1995 .
one issue will dominate the international economic agenda in 2006 : the completion of the doha development round .
mr president , the commission 's report is on employment in europe in 1998. it is on the question of employment and not on the problem and the statistics of unemployment .
lastly , i would emphasise that the gender balance must be respected in the composition of the committee delegations .
5. mobilisation of the european globalisation adjustment fund : application egf / 2011 / 004 el / aldi hellas / greece (
a common framework , too , which is supported and should be stimulated by particular european union measures , what we call in our document ' flagship initiatives ' .
i shall now give the floor to mr vitorino to speak on behalf of the commission .
moldova ( transnistria ) , georgia ( south ossetia ) ( debate )
madam president , i welcome this healthcare directive , but i am cautious because the devil will be in the detail .
– b5-0437 / 03 tabled by hannes swoboda and maria carrilho , on behalf of the pse group ;
. i fully support this resolution , which calls for the use of the precautionary principle as the leading principle for decisions on cites working documents and listing proposals .
we had a first package to revitalise the railways back in 2001. now this is the second package , and the commission is continuing down the road to liberalisation .
alright. are you ready to listen to mr blair ? then be quiet please .
annex xvii to regulation ( ec ) 2341 / 2002
the next item is the joint debate on the following five motions for resolutions presented by :
1. transportation and illegal detention of prisoners ( continuation of vote )
( explanation of vote abbreviated in accordance with rule 137 ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure )
we could carry on discussing this for hours. i shall now read out what has been written down for me :
to conclude , if these areas are safeguarded , it is encouraging that the commission has decided to modernise the gsp .
however , this proposal for a resolution contains exaggerations and irregularities .
subject : proposed eu agency for defence capability development and acquisition
the following members are appointed tellers :
explanations of vote- calendar of part-sessions for 2000
for these reasons , we were unable to vote for the resolution .
i have received seven motions for resolutions tabled pursuant to rule 37 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
3. draft general budget 2010 ( sections i , ii , iv , v , vi , vii , viii , ix ) (
i do not see mr kohlíček in his seat. we will move on to the other rapporteurs , and if he arrives in time we will give him the floor .
subject : the situation of children in iraq
in writing . - ( de ) i am voting in favour of the report by kartika tamara liotard on greater safety for novel foods .
in my regular contacts with both georgia and russia , i am indeed urging pragmatism and an end to the setting of mutually exclusive conditions : these will not work .
mrs beer , please could you present the text of the amendment ?
this is why the visa waiver would reflect this development , not to mention that equal treatment given to european and canadian citizens would help strengthen mutual trust .
madam president , it is not necessary to highlight the enormous economic importance of the olive crop in the european union .
. this resolution raises the very serious problem that the developed world is siphoning off the educated elites of the developing world , particularly in the medical sector .
this is one of the priority issues for the greek presidency over coming months. it has been discussed and will be discussed at forthcoming councils .
in light of the amendments tabled by the rapporteur , i am voting in favour .
as they deal with the same subject , the following questions will be taken together :
pursuant to the rules of procedure , questions nos 48 , 49 and 50 , by mr fitzsimons , mr korakas and mrs thors respectively , will be replied to in writing .
i believe that these are goals requiring a greater commitment by all ...
texts like these confirm the fact that the role allotted to the european institutions , including parliament , is to be of service to the narrow band of the well-to-do .
madam president , everything i wanted to say has in fact already been said , so i will limit myself to one question to the high representative .
does the council intend to take into account our demand in the new association agreement which is due to enter into force on 1 march 2000 ?
report ( a5-0034 / 2002 ) by encarnación redondo jiménez , on behalf of the committee on the environment , public health and consumer policy , on
in addition to the many questions and comments that the report 's content ( and omissions ) raise , its condemnation regarding the volume of official development assistance ( oda ) should also be highlighted :
i would urge you to stop riding an ageing mare in the shape of an inefficient european union social economy , with france and germany leading the way in inefficiency .
that is correct , what mr samland said. the commission agrees .
the next item is the presentation of the programme of the austrian presidency .
if we do not look after our water , we will never succeed in combating hunger .
i am well aware , mr president , that we made few friends during euro 2000 .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
i have received five motions for resolutions tabled pursuant to rule 37 ( 2 ) .
the next item is the commission statement on the crisis on the international coffee market .
in writing . - ( pl ) i should like to draw the attention of the house to the following issues .
the next item is the joint debate on the following oral questions :
one last point is that the eu should not legislate in haste and should make every effort to strengthen e-commerce and to avoid undermining it .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
the other aspects of involvement must undoubtedly be supported by consistent financial assistance based on a strategy for our development projects .
i should like to finish by congratulating the rapporteur on his effort to reconcile opposing views and ensure that the procedure for approving the programme will be completed shortly .
as for the question of the portfolio , i would like to say the following : there will be a justice and fundamental rights commissioner and a home affairs commissioner .
mr president , i should like to start by congratulating the two rapporteurs on their interesting comments .
the joint debate is closed .
as you know , there have been attacks on synagogues in several european countries in the last few days .
these are all the oral amendments. i have the feeling that everybody agrees with them so this is simply for the record .
the vote will be taken at 5.30 this evening .
the minutes of yesterday ' s sitting have been distributed .
thank you , i am grateful to you for your comments .
' double now ' : that was the slogan , and i shall keep saying it .
( the president declared the common position approved )
taxation instruments are sometimes good to really create incentives or develop the economy , but this is very much dependent on the situation in particular member states .
author . - ( fr ) mr president , commissioner , it was thanks to you that i was able to head the election observation mission to mauritania .
noone can doubt that russia has a great deal of potential to play a decisive role in consolidating international security , stability , peace and a balanced international order .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
i call upon this house to not shirk this global responsibility and to ensure that we are number one in the world in the research against aids .
i should like to thank you once again , mr cox , for all the support and effort you put into this very important venture .
in lithuania , the education of a student costs on average eur 7 000 and of a medical student as much as eur 26 000 and of a pilot eur 60 000 .
i would like to thank mr bradbourn and the whole of the committee on regional policy , transport and tourism for their work .
i would like to thank mrs cresson for her clarification of the position .
are there any objections to this oral amendment being tabled ?
if it is true that the west has consented to this , it is unfortunately thus showing its weakness just before the nizhny novgorod summit .
the eu 's position is clear and was most recently expressed in a declaration by the presidency on behalf of the eu on 20 may 2002 , stating that :
question no 38 by malou lindholm ( h-0568 / 96 )
questions nos 43 to 45 will be answered in writing .
subject : directive on the limitation of the operation of aeroplanes
on the bakutbilisiceyhan pipeline , i can only say that it has been inaugurated today with the strong support of the european union .
( parliament approved the request for urgent procedure )
31. measuring devices containing mercury ( vote )
the vote will take place at the end of the debate .
i do not think that we can open a debate on this issue. i have received a request from the representatives of the two groups concerned .
i too believe that a partnership is premature. that notwithstanding , visa costs should be reduced .
i think , mrs mckenna , that our friend mr posselt is referring to communist regimes rather than to communists , which is somewhat different .
( the speaker agreed to take a blue card question under rule 149 ( 8 ) )
1. agreement between the ec and nepal on certain aspects of air services (
mr president , i should like to propose , on behalf of the group of the european radical alliance , an amendment to the agenda which you have just proposed .
mr president , i wonder if commissioner patten can explain to me how the commission is going to help repair a submarine , which is what we really just voted on .
( parliament adopted the resolution ) that concludes the vote on urgent subjects .
how does the commission view this withdrawal and how does it intend to handle relations between cuba and the union in the light of the new situation ?
conversely , member states and the european union have at their disposal other means to deal with human-rights-related issues .
. i was present but did not participate in this vote .
mr president , the group union for europe fully agrees with the comments just made by our spanish colleagues .
questions which have not been answered for lack of time will receive written answers ( see annex ) .
the next item is the joint debate on the following :
finally , the author ' s arrogance towards countries ' populations is completely incomprehensible , and we wish to retain the right of each individual country ' s population to decide for itself .
financial regulatory measures are to be left until much later , and issues about the end of tax havens are constantly put on hold .
( the order of business was thus established )
i would first of all like to congratulate the rapporteur for all his efforts .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 10 a.m.
the next item is the joint debate of the following motions for resolutions :
i must also underline the reference throughout the wording to the accessible formats , in order to make transparent information available to all members of the public .
madam president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , another event of european significance is responsible for my lateness or at least gives me an excuse .
madam president , i am speaking on behalf of the members of the bonino list .
nonetheless , europe is breaking down the barriers of discrimination , piece by piece .
concerning large-scale multiannual programmes such as the frdp , the framework research and development programme , the council has respected the appropriation schedules approved by parliament .
i am also pleased that we succeeded in preventing an unnecessary division into categories for animal testing , e.g. eye irritation tests .
thank you very much , commissioner fischler .
mr president , the commissioner has read his well-prepared answer as if no one had addressed the commission with particular points .
outside this framework , it will not be possible to obtain our consent. the european parliament will be consistent with the positions it has always held .
decisions concerning certain documents : see minutes
10. rear registration plate of two or three-wheel motor vehicles ( vote )
i should like to request that the document be referred back to committee , because now we have contradictory voting outcomes .
if the european project really is as perfect as the european elite want us to believe , that will not even be necessary .
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
b5-0636 / 2001 by mr segni , on behalf of the uen group ;
in order to reaffirm the desire for eu cooperation with southern africa to promote democracy and development there , i voted in favour .
debates on cases of breaches of human rights , democracy and the rule of law ( announcement of motions for resolutions tabled ) : see minutes
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on thursday , 30 may 2002 .
2. on the initiative by the hellenic republic on a council regulation on procedures for amending the sirene manual ( 7179 / 2003 - c5-0148 / 2003 - 2003 / 0807 ( cns ) )
thank you very much mr president of the commission .
i hope the commission will support the point of view of the european parliament 's committee on the environment , public health and consumer protection .
we have that opportunity coming up in this parliament early next year. let us make sure we take it .
i believe that this , mr president , requires immediate clarification and , in any event , i would ask for the support of the presidency .
( the sitting was suspended at 13.30 and resumed at 15.00 )
with this in mind , we propose the following oral amendments to the compromise text :
the vote will be tomorrow at noon .
i fully support nana mouskouri in her call for more money for ' cultural programmes ' .
vice-president of the commission . - mr president , i would like to thank the honourable members very much for their comments and for this exchange of views .
( fr ) finally , the issue of the headquarters remains open. it should be possible to make a decision on this at the laeken summit .
i listened yesterday to mr schulz , the rapporteur , with great approval. we fully share his commitment to combatting the sexual abuse of children and combatting child sex tourism .
again , i thank the member for a very searching and deep question which provides an opportunity to cover a significant number of important areas .
ladies and gentlemen , we are not going to debate a single issue here. on the other hand of course , everyone can have their say .
thank you very much mr president , and thank you very much mr wijkman for your work .
finally , i believe that the urban transport plan is now a real possibility .
the member states should prepare public policies to encourage the participation of women in the labour market , in the decision-making process , and should control any forms of discrimination .
we are still hoping for a european public prosecutor , a desire that we share with the rapporteur. thank you , mrs gräßle !
thirdly , croatia must ensure , in its own interests , that swift progress is now made with regard to the reforms initiated in the judicial system .
of course , the plundering which threatens them must be eradicated .
our thoughts are also with maría eraunzetamurgil and her grandson , who were victims of a horrendous attack. we still do not know who carried this out .
the attendance lists should be made public , and information on the work of individual members should be officially published by the european parliament .
please , show a little solidarity with the commission. you have to back us up , otherwise in the end nobody is going to want to be responsible for the situation .
mr colom i naval would like to clarify something .
will the commission now reopen its investigations into ‘ soc ’ before it becomes fully operational at the end of this year
mr martin , there were far too many one-minute speeches. normally it lasts half an hour. it has overrun that by quite a lot , so i am sorry .
mr president , the green paper on vertical restraints in competition policy reflects a struggle for supremacy between the principles of legal certainty , effectiveness and flexibility .
mr president , i strongly call on you to write to this gentleman to defend the dignity of this parliament , peace and democracy .
author . - thank you , council , for your response. i will pass on your appreciation to my colleague , gay mitchell .
we are calling for a new europe to be built , a free europe of sovereign nations that will establish privileged relations with russia .
we have consequently voted against this report .
the failure to clarify the control by national parliaments .
and in case you thought i had forgotten , i have not gone soft and still think we need a referendum on the lisbon treaty : pactio olisipiensis censenda est .
community eco-management and audit scheme ( emas )
colleagues , are there not many more pressing issues in the wider world that merit our attention in a human rights debate ?
member of the commission . - madam president , quite a lot of broad questions have been asked which would , in fact , deserve much more time than i have .
questions which have not been answered for lack of time will receive written answers ( see annex ) .
i have received seven motions for resolutions ( 1 ) tabled to wind up the debate under rules 103 ( 2 ) and 108 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12.00 noon .
then i must have misunderstood you and i will therefore not insist .
the vote will take place at 5 p.m.
[ com ( 2000 ) 200 - c5-0447 / 2000 - 2000 / 2217 ( cos ) ]
it is about the consequences for patients of the judgments of the european court of justice .
protecting consumers , especially in the field of electronic tourism services ( bookings and payments ) ;
in this regard , i trust in the common sense and wisdom of the european parliament and of our new commissioner for agriculture , mr cioloş .
( the sitting was suspended at 13.25 and resumed at 15.00 )
( the sitting was closed at 11.25 a.m. )
you have had one minute , and it was exceptional for me to give you the floor .
( the sitting was closed at 12.05 p.m. )
life-nature , which is based on the cofinancing of nature protection projects that can contribute to preserving and regenerating natural habitats and species ( budget heading b4-3200 ) .
i voted in favour of the rapporteur ’ s amendments geared towards significantly improving the commission text .
membership of political groups : see minutes
we need finally to leave behind short-term politics and to support policies that require action to be taken .
that is another issue , mr kinnock .
b5-0154 / 2001 by mrs gonzález álvarez , on behalf of the gue / ngl group ,
dates of forthcoming sittings : see minutes
- ( pt ) during the debate in plenary , my colleague mr mussa said words to the effect that intelligence cannot be patented .
the vote will take place on thursday 23 june 2011 .
mr president , i would like to congratulate mrs hautala and all the members of the committee involved in this very complicated operation .
i thank the spanish presidency for its answer. i have a number of follow-up questions .
this is why , together with other radical members , i voted against the boogerd-quaak report .
this would be a starting point for rational budgetary reform , and it is also a call to action for you , commissioner .
to manipulate the cyprus question , in the context of the contradictions surrounding turkey 's accession , by subordinating un resolutions on cyprus .
in writing . - ( pl ) i voted against legal recognition of european union symbols by the european parliament for the following reasons .
the advance of broadband critically depends on the availability of suitable content .
the vote will take place at 11.00 a.m.
second , the people rebelling in the south must be represented in the political processes , through their political representatives .
mr president , i will make two remarks on the report by mr gil-robles gil delgado and mr tsatsos , which reflects the hopes but also the fears of this house .
i have spoken before of the need for imaginative gestures from both sides in this conflict .
the minutes of yesterday 's sitting have been distributed .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11.30 a.m.
this new member of the council of europe must be expected and required to comply with the terms of dayton and show respect for democracy and human rights .
if such a confidence-building measure also speeds the end of the illegal french ban on british beef , then so much the better .
i should like to note that my card has still not been registered and is refusing to work. i wished to vote in favour .
mr president , i have asked for the floor on a pointr of personal explanation , because i like a joke , but there are limits .
in the civilised heart of europe , in the 21st century a warm home cannot be treated as a luxury item .
thank you for this worthwhile debate !
it is time that we in this house stopped our moral posturing and started to treat our american ally with a little more courtesy and respect .
in reality , how can the commission guarantee that it is out there checking coordination and that countries are not embarking on a war of support measures ?
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the speeches made by my fellow members highlight the great difficulties we are having in moving away from the ‘ glass-half-empty or half-full ’ attitude .
commissioner , my understanding is that , in your capacity as representative of the commission , you can request the floor whenever you like .
madam president , both the nigerians and the international community had great hopes for the nigerian elections for a number of reasons .
as the commissioner has said , the 2003 budget is a thrifty one. we will be spending just 1.05 % of gnp to tackle all the tasks facing the european union .
we will work in that direction. thank you for your support for the resolution .
6. special attention to the least favoured regions in the event of natural disasters .
would you like to answer , very briefly ?
mr president , i speak on behalf of mrs maij-weggen in this resolution , and we have had some excellent speeches this afternoon .
b5-0928 / 2000 by watson , on behalf of the eldr group ,
( for the results and other details on the vote : see minutes . )
( the speaker was cut off pursuant to rule 137 of the rules of procedure )
this present europe , as your presidency demonstrates , mr juncker , cannot work .
the british government has made it clear that burma would not be deemed a full participating member of next year 's asem meeting in london under the british presidency .
safe toys are a must and the eu should and is leading the way when it comes to safety concerns .
( parliament agreed to accept the oral amendment )
on that issue i have received seven motions for resolutions pursuant to rule 37 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
( the speaker agreed to take a blue card question under rule 149 ( 8 ) )
commissioner liikanen spoke in your language , mr perry , so i think it is quite clear ! perhaps the commissioner would like to repeat this part ?
. – mr president , the challenge of the hong kong conference lays down the boundaries of the credibility , operational acceptance and dynamism of the wto .
- ( sk ) madam president , the european union is based on values such as freedom , democracy , equality , the principles of the legal state and adherence to human rights .
finally , the rapporteur congratulates the commission once again and commends the report to the house .
mr president , i intended to vote against , instead of for , amendment no 4 to the arias cañete report. i wish the record to be changed , if possible .
subject : waste crime / protection of the environment through criminal law
( parliament approved the minutes as amended )
i declare the session of the european parliament adjourned .
i wonder , and i ask the commission , whether we ought not to be doing something in this sector , by calling for portability of individual numbers and accounts .
( the speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under rule 149 ( 8 ) )
( loud applause from the extreme right )
the next item is the report by lutz goepel , on behalf of the committee on agriculture and rural development , on the cap ' health check ' .
that concludes the explanations of vote .
the portuguese presidency is to be congratulated for their readiness to put this matter on the council ' s agenda .
( parliament decided to postpone the vote )
mr president , this is a very important report - i agree with the rapporteur that perhaps we could have been braver and pushed out the boat a bit more .
sadly , i can only conclude in this particular case that these allegations , which proved to be unsubstantiated , were made with malicious intent .
mr fabre-aubrespy , i am sorry. there must be no more debate. the minutes have already been approved .
. personally , i am delighted with the words i have heard from members of this house and i note that parliament has certainly adopted a wise attitude .
( parliament rejected the motion for a resolution by roll-call vote )
agenda of the next sitting : see minutes
amendment no 24. the commission is prepared to consult with the member states on any adjustments that need to be made to the amounts relating to insurance policies .
in that regard my group endorses mrs carrère d 'encausse 's report and motion for a resolution , as it does amendments nos 2 and 3 .
the consideration of production costs in the definition of guide prices ;
i propose adjourning the sitting. we shall resume at noon for the voting .
the measures relating to interoperability are however contained in a rail package which propounds extending competition to the rail transport sector and opening it up to privatisation .
mr guardans cambó , you have the floor to speak on procedural issues only .
composition of committees and delegations : see minutes
on labelling , i refer you to my earlier answer .
fourthly and finally , we should think about how to continue cooperation with emerging countries , while at the same time strengthening our work with the least-developed countries .
as the rapporteur quite rightly mentioned , i think that a balanced policy on the subject must combine prevention and law enforcement .
it has come to my attention that the internet has become a safe haven for racists and other bigots to air their views .
in short , the eu is exploiting sweated labour , the same evil practice it is so keen to eradicate here. what a disgrace !
essentially , i very much want to say that i emphatically refuse to see the draft constitutional treaty buried today .
in writing . - ( fi ) sport is competition , but of a sort to which the eu 's laws on competition cannot be applied .
leaving that aside , i am very eager to work with parliament in taking initiatives designed to strengthen the rights of citizens throughout the union .
. i have no comments .
the vote will take place today at 12 noon .
the vote will take place shortly .
the commission reserves its position on two linguistic amendments , namely amendments 127 and 165 .
whether , in those selection processes , the eu commitment to supporting smes is taken into account , given that smes will be the cornerstone of future industrial development in europe .
the next item is an oral question to the commission on the policy for financing nature protection and especially natura 2000 .
i also want to congratulate the commission for doing this before the very important climate change conference in marrakesh , cop 7 .
mr president , presidents of the council and the commission , i too congratulate the luxembourg presidency on its excellent work .
on human rights , once again , hypocrisy has been voted through in this parliament .
this agreement provides that the budgetary allocation will remain at the 1998 level , namely ecu 14.3 million rather than the ecu 10.9 million in the commission proposal .
finally , the member states should be entitled to impose their own stricter rules and to adopt more progressive measures , for example moratoriums .
( parliament adopted the legislative resolution ) explanations of vote
regarding the cartagena protocol , it must be aid that our own european commission tried to resist clauses to introduce cartagena into the directive 90 / 220 .
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on thursday , 18 december 2003 .
so the union must immediately undertake to give somali banana producers direct access to the assistance provided under the regulation we are debating .
mr president , i should like to share with the house my understanding of what the ten commandments for employment could be .
thank you , mr nassauer. the chair notes the point and will have it checked .
mr president , commissioner , i think i participated in all the recent debates about the policy strategy and i have had cause to criticise it .
my final comment is : thank you , rapporteurs who have written the reports. i think that we have a sound basis to vote on this report in parliament .
i am therefore appealing for us here to focus our attention on the political developments that are needed .
mr president , i have certainly taken note of what mr pimenta said. i will make sure i remember it and convey his opinion to the members of the commission .
the vote will be taken tomorrow at 9 a.m.
( applause from the centre and the right )
– the joint debate is closed .
under these circumstances my colleagues and i supported all of the constructive amendments , wherever they came from , and will remain more vigilant than ever .
i think , mr blokland , you could have done that without actually announcing it to parliament , but never mind .
mr president , perhaps if i were mrs lulling living in luxembourg i might feel as strongly about not having indicative limits .
all these aspects are recognised in mrs krehl 's report .
the vote will take place on thursday at 12 noon .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , now that the leaden casing of the ussr has melted away , we can make one observation and one request .
i should like to congratulate the rapporteur on a job very well done .
( for the results and other details on the vote : see the minutes )
. thank you , mr president .
( pt ) the news brought to us by mr almunia is encouraging but i feel that more ambition is needed when it comes to productivity and job quality .
the report is commendable. i only disagree with those aspects which refer to abortion .
seven amendments are acceptable in principle : amendments 10 , 13 , 15 , 37 , 38 , 51 and 101 .
in this respect , easa has been granted powers to impose fines and periodic financial penalties when security rules are not applied properly .
30. community action programme in the field of health ( 2007-2013 ) ( vote )
as they deal with the same subject , question nos 1 to 4 will be taken together .
thus , we consider imperative the application of the principle of precaution. we therefore regret the rejection of our proposal to reject the lifting of the current ban .
that is why i believe that national declarations on human rights are enough. we do not need them at european level too .
( sk ) zimbabwe is a country whose powerful leaders have long held the people of their land in contempt , and they are making this abundantly clear
yes , mrs schroedter , i shall be pleased to look into the facts of this case when i have received your letter .
we now come to the debate on the report , and i would ask you to keep your questions concise please .
new forms of exclusion are included , such as exclusion from the information society ,
the vote will take place tomorrow ( tuesday , 8 march 2011 ) .
. unlike the ongoing negotiations on the financial perspective , the eu ’ s budget for 2006 gives parliament some cause for satisfaction .
1. the whole text apart from the pre-allocation for euronews and the reserves : this part was adopted .
( it ) mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i should like to thank the rapporteur mr bendtsen for his precise report .
shell will be satisfied , the environment will not. that is why my group will be voting ' no ' .
member of the commission . - i wish to thank all members for their comments .
i therefore voted in favour of the maaten report .
democratic scrutiny under the development cooperation instrument ( debate )
i would like to finish by calling on the council to adopt without further delay the regional convention on preferential pan-euro-med rules of origin .
i shall now give the floor to mrs rühle , who has five minutes ' speaking time .
thirdly we must start planning ahead now for the day when zimbabwe has a legitimate government and will need a broad package of international support .
iv. a still highly deficient legislative framework for the integrated management of radioactive waste ;
i give the floor to mrs sandberg-fries , whom i would take the opportunity to welcome back to the european parliament .
thank you , mr president , for your reactions and your keen-sighted ability to notice that i am present in the house .
the vote will take place on thursday .
after all , the best social policy , without a doubt , is redistribution of employment opportunities across society and provision of labour market training .
the second principle is that this control mechanism should be entrusted to an independent and impartial authority. i do not have much faith in self-regulation .
we must strengthen the functioning of the courts and other structures and delimit their competences , and on this note i would like to bring my speech to a close .
( fr ) mr president , commissioner , minister , i thank you and i welcome your comments .
as draftsman for the committee on economic and monetary affairs , i will concentrate on just one point : the issue of competition .
15. annual report on the implementation of the european security strategy and esdp (
for those people who might be confused by the word ' forced ' , it refers , of course , to prostitution and not to child labour .
at the end of this debate , i received a motion for a resolution , pursuant to rule 42 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure .
i have received nine motions for resolutions pursuant to rule 37 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
mr president , like you , we are delighted that the people of taiwan have been able to express a democratic choice for the second time .
1. service of judicial and extrajudicial documents in civil or commercial matters ( vote )
through immigration to the old continent in the last 30 years , a barbaric and unlawful practice , carried out for the most part in africa , has silently entered europe .
mrs berès , the chairwoman of our committee , will speak on the issue of better cooperation in a global setting .
european democracy in fact holds principles of respect and tolerance among peoples that mr le pen wilfully disregards through his determination to make revisionist remarks .
since the cuban government wants a cooperative agreement and numerous european union member states have trading agreements with cuba , why cannot we achieve an agreement on this basis ?
mr president , commissioner , throughout almost 6 000 years of human history and 10 000 wars , we have always encouraged the production of weapons .
the stability of the eu market ;
lastly , i am disappointed because i feel it is dishonest to tell people that this instrument will solve their daily congestion problem for ever .
the public must be guaranteed access to audiovisual services on the basis of criteria such as universality , affordable costs and non-discrimination .
i should like to welcome mr van miert and ask him to reply to mr papayannakis 's question .
can we count on your commission to submit suitable proposals to parliament in the near future , on preparing turkey for accession to the eu ? .
you should read this parliament ’ s resolutions more carefully. parliament has found a way that is flexible and secure .
in any event , mrs durant , if you have any message for the member , or any reply , you have the floor .
of course measures against bse must be taken , and these should include stopping the use of bonemeal in animal feed .
i intend to vote in favour of the motion for a resolution on european conscience and totalitarianism .
the chair of the pse group , mr schulz , has the floor to explain the request .
member of the commission . - madam president , i too would like to say thank you very much to mr cappato - tante grazie !
it is my hope and desire that , if this route is embarked upon , a solution acceptable to everyone will be arrived at .
the next item is the commission statement on world aids day , which was on 1 december 2007 .
the minutes of wednesday 13 may have been distributed .
( the president declared the common position adopted as amended )
i cannot support such a concept of healthcare .
however , the proposals put forward by mr rocard , deal only superficially with the other mechanisms which could assist in our ultimate goal , i.e. more employment opportunities .
the predictable failure to achieve the millennium development goals on time has made it all the more urgent to remedy weaknesses and inconsistencies at this level .
these common prudential standards would permit cross-border membership of pension funds and allow an institution in one member state to manage company pension schemes in other member states .
i wish to thank the commissioner for the answers he may give us and i congratulate mr andria on this report .
question no 49 by jan andersson ( h-0765 / 96 )
question no 26 by ivar virgin ( h-0864 / 96 )
of course. it is a source of regret to me , too .
these are just some measures that we need to decide on jointly and not just decide on , but also apply with religious devotion .
the commission can accept amendments 6 , 14 , 15 , 16 , 17 , 18 , 20 , 24 , 25 , 28 , 31 and 32 in part .
rapporteur . - ( fr ) mr president , i would like to respond first of all to you , mr verheugen. you said , quite rightly , that we have a particular responsibility towards israel .
action plan on urban mobility ( debate )
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i should also like to congratulate mrs fontaine and the commissioner .
secondly , members of the national parliaments and representatives of the acceding countries ' governments must be involved to the full in the convention 's work and have at least observer status .
we need to keep up the momentum on the g20 as well. progress has been good , but now we have to be sure that it carries through into implementation .
i believe that the impunity and the arrogance of the polluters must be met with the determination of our parliament .
the next item is the statement by the commission on the situation in the great lakes region .
thirty-two members support mr evans ' proposal. does anyone wish to speak against it ?
in writing . - ( sv ) the internal market is the eu 's greatest contribution to democracy and prosperity in europe .
in writing . - i support the recommendations made in the resolution. however , as regards the pmoi , i voted against the amendments referring to the group in the text .
secondly , the recent multi-sectoral guidelines on regional subsidies to large investment projects may reduce even further the levels of subsidies for large projects .
( for results and other details of the vote : see minutes
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12.00 noon .
( it ) mr president , ladies and gentlemen , this issue has the merit of having brought great hypocrisy to light .
16. implementation of the first railway package directives (
( cs ) i voted against the proposal of the report on the community strategy to reduce co2 emissions from passenger cars , although for reasons different from those mentioned here earlier .
in 1992 , the earth summit took place in rio to address the issue of sustainable development .
. i voted in favour of the proposed financial perspective for 2007-2013 .
leaving aside what you said earlier , baroness ashton , what further steps will the european union take to recognise the palestinian state and champion this idea before the united nations ?
the communist party of greece will vote against both resolutions .
- before the vote on paragraph 9 :
we voted for the approvable threshold of 0.5 % , above which the product must be gm labelled. but below that it cannot be guaranteed gm free .
mr president , as the group of the european liberal , democratic and reformist party we wholeheartedly approve these directives .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11.30 a.m.
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see minutes
but , in principle , thank you very much for what was , for me , too , a very interesting debate , and all the best .
the next item is the debate on topical and urgent subjects of major importance .
mr president , all of the timid proposals in this direction have been systematically reduced to nothing by the convention. one day they will have to be introduced once more .
mrs maes , please take the flags down , you have made your point. the rules are very clear on this , so please respect them .
the company has applied these measures , and the latest comments from the group have largely been positive .
the next item is the commission statement - company restructuring in europe .
forwarding of texts adopted during the sitting : see minutes
member of the commission . - the commission is a full participant in the g20 and is participating fully in this process .
first of all i have to say that , in my opinion , the president-in-office of the council has not yet answered mr korakas ' question .
our parliament has decided not take any action either , preferring a mere commission statement to committing ourselves to a resolution , as proposed by our political group .
despite a few minor flaws , i would like to give my full support to this report , and i offer the rapporteur my sincerest congratulations .
thank you for that proposal , mr barón crespo , and for your confidence in me .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
furthermore , all of the commission 's proposals fully reflect the undertakings made by the community in international agreements , including those relating to trade policy and the environment .
this is also obvious from the european commission 's previously mentioned communication published on 5 march this year , which contains a special section devoted to kosovo .
( de ) madam president , thank you very much. i suggest that you all listen to what i have to say before you start your shouting .
the debate on this matter , on which we all worked very hard but with very positive intuition , is closed .
whilst the world bank is agonising over economic reform in pakistan , the military regime is wrecking democracy. no democracy means no stability , and no stability means no economic recovery .
i want to make this point quite clear here , and i very much regret the fact that we have now had to take this step .
( the sitting was suspended at 7.03 p.m. and resumed at 9.00 p.m. )
proposal for a decision : the commission in its new form ( b5-0227 / 2004 )
thank you , mr schiedermeier. your comments will be recorded in the minutes .
the issue at stake in this g20 goes beyond that of the financial crisis : it is about laying the foundations of new global governance .
only with more and better technology will it be possible to bring profitability and competitiveness to europe ’ s fisheries sector .
i hope that the forthcoming german presidency will remember this principle and will actually apply it when it heads the work of the european council .
11. extension of the scope of directive 2003 / 109 / ec to beneficiaries of international protection (
as president of the commission , and together with mrs ashton , will you take action along these lines and , if so , how ?
straddling stocks - fishing off sao tomé -
however , our trade agreements should be based on the special ' energy security clause ' , which would be the business ethics of the sector .
question no 47 by charlotte cederschiöld ( h-0556 / 98 )
the vote will take place on thursday , 19 february 2009 .
( the sitting was suspended at 8.20 p.m. and resumed at 9.00 p.m. )
( the president cut off the speaker )
i thank the president-in-office for her reply .
mr president , a vote of censure on the commission at the present time is inappropriate .
– the debate is closed .
the vote will take place on thursday , 29 september , at 12 noon .
the next item is the debate on the following motions for resolutions :
mr president , i have just got here only to find that my voting card is missing from the machine .
madam president , tuberculosis , or tb as it was known in my country , was rampant in ireland a little over half a century ago , killing many people , young and old .
the vote will take place at noon tomorrow .
mr president , others have talked about the issue of dispute settlement specifically. i would like to focus on the wider issue of democracy and accountability more generally .
subject : eu-us ' secret agreement ' on criminal matters
subject : implementation of the socrates programme
while we are voting in favour of the resolution in question , i would like to point out two issues relating to its text .
mr morris , if you have put this matter to the commission , i shall ensure that they answer you .
the next item is the joint debate on the following statement and oral question :
pakistan- b5-0265 / 2001 by mr fruteau and mrs erika mann , on behalf of the pse group ;
section vii - committee of the regions ,
dates for next sittings : see minutes
joint motion for a resolution on the situation in zimbabwe
( the matter was referred back to the committee responsible )
portugal , which holds the presidency of the weu , has tried to advance the process for transferring powers from the weu to the european union .
it also represents a mandate for the european air safety agency to exercise responsibility , and we hope that the agency will soon apply all of this parliament 's recommendations .
this report attempts to present to you the lessons which can be learned and i welcome this debate tonight .
i would like to ask commissioner barnier to pass on our thanks to commissioner malmström for her timely initiative and for her cooperation .
1. internal market in electricity (
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i am voting for this report by mr saryusz-wolski , which provides for improved cooperation with albania .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
( nl ) ladies and gentlemen , copenhagen has failed even before the conference has begun. a deal may be struck , but there will be no legally binding agreement .
ladies and gentlemen , i bid you goodnight .
subject : relaxation of the ban on using meat-and-bone meal in animal feedstuffs
the vote will take place on wednesday at 12 noon .
question no 47 by konrad schwaiger ( h-0124 / 97 )
the only conclusion from all of this is that we need a single european policy , but it is a pity that we always realise this after a deep crisis .
( the president declared the common position approved )
mrs ahern , for a personal statement , you have 15 seconds to reply .
i shall now put to the vote the request to withdraw this item from the agenda .
diversification out of certain fishing activities
presentation of the commission work programme for 2011 ( motions for resolutions tabled ) : see minutes
i urge the hizbollah and their backers to stop firing on northern israel , to call a halt to terrorism and to accept the offer of negotiations .
mr president , i too should like to join with all those colleagues who have remarked on the excellent work of the rapporteurs , mr el khadraoui and mr zīle .
finally , parliament has capitulated to the commission and the council in its refusal to uphold its already inadequate first reading position .
so we must find this combination and address the situation. obviously we cannot prevent companies from merging or making acquisitions .
these are my answers to baroness ludford .
mr president , i join my scottish colleagues in asking the commissioner to help us to resolve this situation as urgently as possible .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11.00 a.m.
in conclusion , mr president , i wish to make it clear that the commission will only ever exercise these competences if it proves necessary .
mr president , i would like to thank the many members who have helped to enhance this resolution with over 50 amendments .
( the president cut off the speaker . )
i am sure that parliament will adopt these reports. it is incumbent on the council and indeed on individual member states to respond accordingly and to meet their responsibilities .
the victims deserve all of our efforts. and unfortunately , ladies and gentlemen , i have not heard anybody talk about them this afternoon .
thank you very much minister. it is great to have you back here , albeit in a different guise .
question no 6 by michael hindley ( h-0124 / 99 )
last year the european parliament and the council adopted directive 2001 / 37 / ec
the plan sends a message that we will support the integration of insurgents who are ready to respond to president karzai 's call to work with his government .
( b5-0482 / 00 ) by mrs flautre and others , on behalf of the verts / ale group , to the council , and ( b5-0483 / 00 ) to the commission , on relations between the eu and tunisia ;
preliminary draft general budget - year 2000
i am confident that this draft policy document will provide better guidelines for a comprehensive and successful arctic policy in the eu that will also benefit our northern neighbours .
in writing . - i voted in favour of the resolution given the fact that no damaging modifications were included .
the vote will take place today at 12.30 p.m.
i would therefore be curious to know your thoughts on that score because , in this case , the council will ultimately have to conform to the european commission 's independent role .
there are individual amendments by parliament that are commendable , for example wordings concerning the sustainable management of fishery resources. these proposals are , however , extremely limited .
mrs berès , as you know , the decision is taken by the conference of presidents .
in response to today 's crises , the national dimension and intergovernmental decisions are not sufficient , nor are simple solutions , even if they are based on statistical models .
question no 1 by roy perry ( h-1253 / 98 ) subject : media ownership concentration
we must rectify this situation , and we ask the commission to consider the most adequate compensation measures for our passengers .
( explanation of vote cut short pursuant to rule 163 ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure )
i congratulate both you and the commission most sincerely on the outcome of the dublin summit .
. the report under discussion recommends that the eu member states ratify the european constitution. i had no hesitation in voting against this report , for a number of reasons .
4. eu cohesion and regional policy after 2013 ( vote )
( es ) madam president , mrs oomen-ruijten 's report which we will be adopting today is a serious report , generally balanced , and also a demanding document .
and yet i am voting in favour of it. i want to validate the notion of necessary statistical instruments even if i reject the policies that they may serve .
the role of the eu should be to ' disarm ' this conflict and to restrain the neo-imperialist strivings of russia in relation to former republics in the southern caucasus .
finally , the prime minister suggested that there should be a core group around the euro countries. could he be more specific ?
we must also keep an eye on further enlargement taking in croatia , which would also impact negatively. therefore , i would urge caution when voting on this issue .
i take the view that we must not , even for a moment , relax the efforts which we have to devote to the peace process in the middle east .
i abstained from voting on the proposal for a directive concerning the quality of bathing water .
– b5-0448 / 03 by pedro marset campos , on behalf of the gue / ngl group ;
– b5-0079 / 2004 by mr watson and mr van den bos , on behalf of the eldr group , on political assassinations in cambodia ;
this crisis is a great opportunity to take action in four major areas .
we are in favour of absolute respect for the rights of prisoners and should like to stress the importance of rehabilitation and reintegration measures .
b5-0119 / 01 by mrs sörensen , mrs lucas , mrs hautala and mrs evans , on behalf of the verts / ale group , on nigeria ;
subject : speculation and the food crisis
thank you , mrs kratsa-tsagaropoulou. on behalf of the sittings service , i apologise for the hubbub over which you had to speak .
in view of the above , i am voting for the report in its entirety .
i think that such a policy better expresses the views of european citizens .
on the subject of algeria , morocco or the middle east , no-one has " the perfect answer ' .
i ask the african union to make further efforts to ensure peace in the great lakes region .
but the important thing is to declare a ' no-fire period ' , which is the wording in the co-chairs ' declaration .
by mrs morgan , on behalf of the committee on industry , research and energy , on a european strategy for sustainable , competitive and secure energy - green paper ,
. ( fr ) i cannot remember ever , in all my years as a parliamentarian , seeing as abhorrent a text as that presented to us today by mrs swiebel .
i declare closed the sitting of the european parliament .
the next item is the joint debate on two oral questions ,
- before the vote on amendment 1 :
we now come to the second part of question hour , catch-the-eye. the topic is wikileaks and cyber security .
the next item is the council and commission statements on the conclusions of the foreign affairs council on the middle east peace process , including the situation in eastern jerusalem .
can the council provide information on the success of operation ulysses in curbing illegal immigration in the western mediterranean and the atlantic ?
( ro ) i would like to congratulate the rapporteur , mr stockmann , on his significant improvements to the commission 's proposal .
i will be following the future reform of the cfp with interest and particular attention , and i will always defend portuguese interests in this strategic sector .
finally , we have highlighted the need for urgency in criminalising forced marriages , the majority of which concern children .
establish easy and affordable access to legal advice .
the rules laid down by the bureau state that up to five members can take the floor in this type of debate , and for strictly one minute per person .
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , you know that this report has been unanimously accepted without amendments .
second , you must come forward with an economic policy agenda for jobs and fiscal consolidation. today , we only have an agenda for cutting deficits at the expense of jobs .
on both these issues , the outermost regions expect an ambitious response from the eu in order to guarantee their security .
the next item is the council statement on the presentation of the programme of the french presidency .
– luís queiró and josé ribeiro e castro , on behalf of the uen group , on cuba ( b5-0214 / 2004 ) .
what political conclusions does the council intend to draw from burma 's admittance to asean ?
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the management of migratory flows will take place at european level , because , together , we must build a safer , more prosperous and fair europe .
the commission has no comment to make on amendment 20 as the location of the agency falls within the competence of the spanish authorities .
in writing . - this is a good regulation calling mainly for the use of every possible means to nurture a european judicial culture , particularly through legal education and training .
( explanation of the vote abbreviated in accordance with rule 137 ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure )
on behalf of the european parliament , i would send my sincere condolences to mr zoran dzindzic 's family and friends , and to the serbian people ' .
( the sitting was suspended at 7.40 p.m. and resumed at 9 p.m. )
mr president , this debate on strasbourg is not scheduled. can we move on to the explanation of votes please ?
the next item is question time to the council ( b4-0681 / 96 ) .
the objective of the proposal is excellent and i support the aims :
the vote will take place at 11.30 a.m.
question no 15 by mr medina ortega ( h-0237 / 97 )
madam president , 2 june 2011 marked the start of the historic tallinn-monte carlo electric car marathon , and today the cars will be reaching copenhagen .
8. commission white paper : " adapting to climate change : towards a european framework for action " (
therefore it is necessary above all else to start working with young children so that they are imbued with this culture of equality .
the commission can accept amendment 17 .
member of the commission . - madam president , i am delighted to have this opportunity to have an exchange of views with parliament on the european neighbourhood policy .
this work programme seeks to bring more continuity and coherence to our political action through ever-closer cooperation between parliament , the council and the commission .
i agree with mr donnelly 's speech in its entirety and particularly his plea that we do fall into the trap of the proposed german strait-jacket .
the next item is the commission statement on the world economic forum ( davos ) and the world social forum ( porto alegre ) .
negotiations may continue only with full adherence to the principles and values of the european union .
however , we should pay particular attention to the possibility of actually enforcing this directive in all member states .
( intervention cut short pursuant to article 137 of the rules of procedure )
now , there are squabbles not only between the ' larger ' and the ' smaller ' but among the ' larger ' too .
i should like to make clear the commission position on some of the amendments and i will also try to answer mr casaca 's four questions .
i would like to expand on just two points of the report , which have already been mentioned by mr brok and others .
as such , the commission will undertake measures to support european social fund managing authorities and intermediate bodies to step up the promotion of self-employment and micro-enterprises .
much to my regret , therefore , i do not feel able to vote in favour of accession at this time .
the vote will be held tomorrow at 11 a.m.
agenda of the next sitting : see minutes
on behalf of the alde group . - mr president , in paragraph , please insert the adjective ' secular ' , so that the phrase would be : ' stable , democratic , pluralist , secular and prosperous society ' .
i would also like to take the opportunity to wish all those present in the chamber a merry christmas and a happy new year .
( the president cut off the speaker ) .
i believe that in both the european parliament and in the european commission , we have to work to speed up the procedure .
i broadly agree with the resolution as it stands , but we cannot accept any of the 22 amendments that have been tabled. i hope that parliament rejects them all .
it called for , in due course and after post-emergency needs have been fully assessed , an international conference on haiti .
. – i should like to highlight a number of points and proposals contained in the opinion of the committee on regional development .
action taken on parliament 's resolutions : see minutes
before the vote on paragraph 102 :
question no 31 by michl ebner ( h-0304 / 03 ) :
subject : implementation of euro-mediterranean policies in algeria
the next item is the vote .
the last committee report for this parliamentary term confirms the old adage of ' last but not least ' .
consequently , we are expecting the council to enter into constructive negotiations with us to this end , and hope to reach a conclusion before the council ' s first reading .
a point of order here : could the honourable member please tell me which article of the regulation he is referring to ?
clearly , the first method was by far the best .
in writing . - this is a very pertinent issue , and i strongly support the group line in focusing on early years learning .
what are the implications for sweden in terms of aid from the eu 's structural funds as a result of this change ?
on transaction taxes , i have three areas of concern .
á5-0056 / 2002 by mrs buitenweg on supplementary estimates of revenue and expenditure of the european parliament for the 2002 financial year and
if it was not mentioned , mr fabre-aubrespy , it is because that is what the rules say and so it was not considered necessary .
the spring report will therefore focus on the points on which progress must be speeded up and will propose key political guidelines for the spring european council .
external dimension of the area of freedom , security and justice ( debate )
the report by mrs trüpel , on behalf of the committee on budgets , on the estimates of revenue and expenditure of parliament for the financial year 2011 .
written declarations included in the register ( rule 123 ) : see minutes
( el ) mr president , i welcome the commissioner and the president-in-office .
on thursday 23 october , the european parliament adopted at first reading the european union 's budget for 2009 .
fourthly , to proceed with more effective structures to monitor the reliability and the proper execution of the programmes ;
subtitling of all public-service television programmes in the eu ( written declaration ) : see minutes
accordingly , we in parliament still have work to do on this dossier , and i would like to take this opportunity to emphasise that point .
b5-0588 / 2001 by mrs ainardi and others , on behalf of the gue / ngl group , on the situation of the afghan refugees on board the ' tampa ' off the australian coast ;
i voted in favour of the report presented by mrs tzavela .
if there is to be a change , however , it would require full agreement of the other member states , but it is something which we are examining .
mr president , mr president of the central bank , commissioner , i believe that our sitting , today , is a founding act .
the vote will take place on tuesday 22 may .
mr carnero has the floor for a very brief procedural motion. i hope that it is a procedural motion .
certainly , we all agree that we must eradicate terrorism , perfect democratization and relaunch the peace process .
the next item is the debate on :
if i were now to say that you are always exemplary , it might be construed as bias .
it would be most opportune , mr president-in-office of the council , if this parliament issued a formal statement under the irish presidency , approving the constitution .
formal sitting - 2008 , european year of intercultural dialogue
the vote will take place tomorrow .
i warn you : do not be surprised if , some day , these same long-suffering citizens refuse that cooperation .
we want the purely civilian use of space , no militarisation !
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i would firstly like to thank mrs foster for her magnificent work and the professionalism she has shown throughout these months .
some member states , including romania , are facing a high level of infestation affecting their agricultural land , with pesticide use seeming to be the best method for eliminating the pests .
in writing . - ( sk ) i voted for the adoption of this resolution .
mr president , commissioner , first of all i should like to join with other speakers in commending the excellent work of the rapporteur , my colleague mr brok .
in greece , tobacco-growing has fallen by 70 % , two in five sugar factories have closed , agricultural revenue has dwindled and vineyards are set to decrease .
the next item is question time ( b6-0231 / 2009 ) .
in any case , we support you and we would like to see all the recent events that have taken place encourage more far-reaching , broader debate .
as a result , it is vital that member state governments address the specific needs of people with dementia and provide essential support for carers .
i firmly believe that we must not launch a debate on exemptions at the same time as talking about system changes .
i should like to take this opportunity to welcome to the european parliament a delegation from ukraine headed by the ambassador .
good luck with this , madam president .
the report before us advocates joint responsibility between the community and member states. eu funds should therefore cover both sites and their management activities .
i could also add the statements that i made on greek television , as i was on an official visit to greece at that time .
the workers are not only rejecting these measures , but are also reacting proactively and en masse against pro-monopoly choices by stepping up their fight .
energy security ( nabucco and desertec ) ( debate )
like the rapporteur , i too welcome the helsinki council agreement not to make a solution to the division of the island a pre-condition for accession .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 9 a.m.
the vote will be taken at 12 noon tomorrow .
tenth anniversary of the mine ban treaty ( ottawa convention ) ( motions for resolutions tabled ) : see minutes
the four agencies concerned presented their annual work programmes to parliament 's committee on employment and social affairs at the end of january this year .
unfortunately the eu 's agricultural policy has concentrated a bit much on large farms , both in europe and southern sweden , while small farmers in northern sweden have huge problems .
the first item is the joint debate on the following three motions for resolutions on albania :
the vote will take place on wednesday , 6 april 2011 .
i admire your efforts to make the work of this house rational although there is nothing in the rules that says we have to be rational .
we are thus acting macroeconomically in the areas where we and the central bank have competence , and we are also acting microeconomically .
the aim of this report is therefore to speak up for a more transparent , more consistent and therefore more credible european sanctions policy .
i understand the agreement is already applied on a de facto basis .
questions nos 13 to 37 will be replied to in writing . ( 1 )
what proposals have been brought forward by the council presidency to expand and improve the operation of emergency relief assistance in the eu following natural disasters , flooding , fires , etc ?
i hope that you can give us some quick and clear promises about this because we are very concerned that this is done quickly .
the vote will take place at the end of this afternoon 's debates .
the commission should evaluate the effects of setting a minimum order size for all dark transactions ;
the mechanism for evaluation by a community court , proposed by the commission , should be the only instrument and should be extraordinary and temporary .
the next item is a statement by the commission on the future of the textile agreement in wto negotiations .
( the president cut off the speaker )
( the sitting was suspended for a few minutes )
of course. something that i shall also happily have included in the minutes ?
mr president , i am going to make my remarks on the climate change package .
2. on the commission communication on the draft joint employment report 2001
question no 33 by josé ignacio salafranca sánchez-neyra ( h-0176 / 03 ) :
( for the results and other details on the vote : see minutes )
( for the results and other details on the vote : see minutes )
the vote will take place today at 12 noon .
protectionism is an abomination - even for a former maoist. the strength of the eu lies in its open borders and free trade .
let us first put it to the vote leaving out the word ' bannissement ' and the names .
it is also to be welcomed that the council of ministers has approved the decree that will allow amnesty international to legally open an office in turkey .
.i voted in favour of mr bushill-matthews ’ report on demographic challenges and solidarity between the generations .
the vote will take place on wednesday 22 april 2009 .
. i will not intrude in the private discussion between the honourable members as to who is a federalist and who is not .
a number of ethical amendments have been tabled that are quite superfluous and that , at best , muddy the waters where this matter is concerned .
moreover , the ' inclusion principle ' intended to bring the equality of opportunity dimension into all structural programmes , must not make it impossible to pursue specific programmes .
– ladies and gentlemen , we are starting on one of the longestvoting sessions in our history with 972 amendments .
oral questions and written declarations ( submission ) : see minutes
annual policy strategy 2009 ( motions for resolutions tabled ) : see minutes
( de ) mr president , commissioner , thank you for your contribution. the european parliament welcomes this fund. commissioner dimas , you have launched the right kind of initiative at the right time .
recommendation for second reading myller ( a5-0067 / 2001 )
in conclusion , i just want to thank commissioner byrne , who i think is doing a good job on this issue .
9. rights to interpretation and translation in criminal proceedings (
in writing . - ( de ) i voted in favour of the report on turkey 's progress towards eu membership in 2007 .
third , once any harmonised scheme comes into force , investor confidence regarding investments already made must be guaranteed .
i supported the position of the rapporteur , mr cercas , since the organisation of working time is a crucial issue in the everyday lives of the citizens of europe .
for this reason , the combating of the circulation of content that is harmful to human dignity and the civil and cultural development of minors is of fundamental importance .
the vote will take place today at 11.30 a.m.
questions nos 18 to 40 will receive written answers .
i call mr smith on a point of order .
as regards mr tannock 's question , i will find out what i can and inform him and the house .
nobody issued such a warning before the january 1991 bloodshed in vilnius , when paratroopers were already at the site .
un human rights commission and the people 's republic of china
b5-0068 / 2001 by mr nogueira román and others , on behalf of the verts / ale group , on the earthquake in el salvador ;
lastly , i would suggest that perhaps the two organisations - the council of europe and the osce - consider amalgamation. that might save a lot of money .
the vote will take place tomorrow .
the european community and greenland have had fishing relations for a long time , but the 1985 framework agreement expired on 31 december 2006 .
this change to the common consular instructions will also provide a transparent and harmonised legal framework for the practice of outsourcing , including the question of the extra fee .
i assume that the european parliament will vigorously oppose any tendency towards anti-semitism. at the moment , these tendencies are frequent and widespread .
once again , i shall certainly do so .
as for the proposal to allow interest rate subsidies on lending by the european investment bank , that is also aimed at allowing this institution to fulfil its political mandate .
mr moorhouse. are you prepared to withdraw recital c ? that was the compromise proposal .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , commissioner , i would like to begin by congratulating mr catania on his excellent report , which i support fully .
( the president cut off the speaker )
subject : legal downloads of songs from the internet
( es ) i have asked to speak pursuant to rule 166 of the rules of procedure , in relation to rule 45 ( 2 ) of the rules of this house .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , voting in favour of this financial perspective would mean going back on one ’ s decision and not providing europe with the resources for its ambitions .
thank you very much , mr commissioner .
these are the reasons why i voted in favour of the report .
it will also have to mean that part of the pre-accession monies , which is soon only available for romania and bulgaria , can also be spent on the balkans .
in the commission 's view , what structural measures are required to overcome the delays in payments ?
subject : reports of national quotas for soccer players inside eu
. ( fi ) besides the fact that i voted for the communication on the gothenburg european council meeting , i would like to state the following as my explanation of vote :
today is st. valentine ’ s day , but there is not much evidence of love between the member states of the old and new union .
i look forward to hearing specific responses to all these questions from the trade commissioner and his views on the forthcoming meeting .
we will now proceed to the vote . ( 1 )
mr paasilinna ' s report inevitably touches on some of the issues to be addressed by the final proposals , which we will discuss here again next month .
question no 49 by manuel medina ortega ( h-0546 / 02 ) :
mrs eva-britt svensson received 89 votes .
however , where more specific sales promotions are concerned , i think that the private companies and producer organisations involved should also participate in the financing .
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see minutes
ladies and gentlemen , i wish you every success in your work and welcome you to the european parliament .
in general , we believe that mr brok 's report is sound. we do not however agree with certain points in it .
– the fact that the commission is to conduct a ‘ strategic information and education campaign ’ to prepare consumers for the introduction of the euro in the new member states ;
mr president , thanks are due to the commissioner for the competition report , but congratulations also go to both rapporteurs for presenting us with their analysis of the issue .
the creation of a budget heading for actions in the textile and footwear industry , with a view to creating a community programme for the industry ;
it is in copenhagen that three things in particular need to be clearly specified and turned into legally binding commitments :
we have taken note of it .
promoting cooperation and the establishment of associations between micro , small and medium-sized enterprises ;
i hope , however , that we will find a solution on friday .
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolution :
i am voting for the tabled report , and i call for robust financing for the initiative , which is indispensable to sustainable growth .
10. european investment bank ( eib ) - annual report 2008 (
in any case , however , we must applaud the work of mr peterle in the hope that the eu will take more extensive measures in the fight against this disease .
at the moment , we are not practising what we preach .
b5-0914 / 2000 by swoboda , on behalf of the pse group ;
the next item is the council and commission statements on the situation in chad .
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on thursday , 20 november 2003 .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
vice-president of the commission . - mr president , i also want to react to the initial discussion .
mr papoutsis , you have the floor .
i wish to work , mr schwab , towards the de-compartmentalisation needed .
i would like to ask you something , mr solana. you will soon be meeting president putin. will you mention relations between georgia and russia when you meet him ?
1. election of president of commission ( vote )
– madam president , i want to congratulate the rapporteur , christa prets , both for her own initiative report and for her sensitivity towards a social issue of global proportions .
had we not tabled the motion of censure that would not have happened .
the vote will take place at 5.30 p.m.
i hope that by measuring the fuel consumption and carbon dioxide in these vehicles we will be able to develop possible measures to improve vehicle performance in these areas .
as a matter of fact , as the rapporteur points out :
i end by expressing once more my sincere congratulations to our rapporteur for his excellent work .
thank you , colleague , but please do not put two questions during your one minute , because it is very difficult for president barroso to answer two questions in one minute .
korea is the eu 's fourth largest non-european trading partner and the eu is korea 's largest foreign investor .
5. wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors : coupling device and reverse ( codified version ) ( vote )
. ( fr ) we voted for this resolution even though it is very belated and even though we distrust some of the ambiguous wording in it .
i hope that commissioner almunia might disperse my stated doubts by responding to the issues i have raised .
address by mr kostunica , president of the federal republic of yugoslavia
this is not the way to rectify things that urgently need putting right , even from a point of view we do not share .
rail transport should be an integrated european public service. we reject this report and all other proposals for privatisation .
to this day , the disciplinary measures called for by the follow-up committee , that is , the administrative measures against the british government for non-appearance , have remained without effect .
it is , of course , our firm view that no one should have to suffer harassment or abuse , least of all elderly people , who are so dependent on care .
the agreement reached in the council is a positive one for portugal. parliament has every right , however , to seek to start the process of fine-tuning that agreement .
mr president , thank you for giving me the floor .
25. adoption by slovakia of the single currency on 1 january 2009 (
in conclusion , i would like to say that trafficking in human beings also often occurs for the purpose of organ harvesting .
the judicial area cannot be achieved by treaties alone. both speakers also emphasized that. the council shares this vision which emerges from the action plan .
( the president cut off the speaker )
so we need to find a method to ensure that this consultation is targeted and very concrete .
we shall now proceed to the vote .
( ro ) the commission will soon propose a new amendment to the directive on charging heavy vehicles for access to the transport infrastructure .
with that , the debate is closed .
incidentally , i am sure that the european commission 's services will ensure that the terrorist group eta is called by its proper name .
the house has made its decision. we are not discussing it .
( short performance by the european union youth orchestra , conducted by pavel kotla )
mr president , i and my ukip colleagues abstained on the amendments to the guillaume report on granting and withdrawing international protection , but one should not take this as indifference .
once again jean-marie le pen is trying to pass himself off as a victim , the scapegoat of a vast european political plot .
on behalf of the gue / ngl group . - ( el ) mr president , we must , i think , congratulate the committee on regional development for taking the initiative to prepare such a report .
mr president , the cyclone that hit burma on saturday brought devastation and suffering to the people of that country .
explanations of vote- lienemann report ( a5-0214 / 2000 )
questions nos 48 to 50 will be replied to in writing .
i have received seven motions for resolutions pursuant to rule 40 ( 5 ) .
the next item is the vote .
thank you very much , mr de silguy .
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
after the elections , parliament issued its opinion on the investiture of the new commission , which included a new commissioner responsible for competition .
( the sitting was suspended at 1.39 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
in terms of traceability , hygiene control and quality of ingredients , considerable investment is still required in order to raise quality levels and to maintain competitiveness .
on the abduction of mr tsiakourmas in cyprus .
we have an opportunity. let us make the most of it to bridge the huge gap between us and europe 's citizens .
after this unsuccessful motion of censure , this backing down , there will be no more motions of censure. that is one of the beneficial effects of this operation .
the green paper on ' adapting to climate change in europe - options for eu action ' ( debate )
subject : transparency with regard to management pay
vice-president ashton , achieving a visa waiver for member states would be a major success for you in your job. i wish you every success in this endeavour .
finally , i would suggest that the commission needs urgently to take on board the suspicions regarding price-fixing with regard to roaming mobile telephone calls .
what does the council think of this situation which does not constitute respect for these citizens ' human rights ? is it willing to convey its concerns to the us authorities ?
this international financial court would have the power to investigate speculation and speculators , to inspect tax havens , to regulate and to punish offenders .
mr president , it was not automatic that this house should decide to debate the socrates and ' youth for europe ' community action programmes here today .
. my view on this issue , like that of the rapporteur , is not entirely devoid of doubts .
we simply cannot afford to ignore this issue and wait fifty years to see what the consequences may be .
– mrs muscardini and mr queiró , on behalf of the union for europe of the nations group , on the situation in venezuela ( b5-0147 / 2004 ) .
( the sitting was suspended at 8.25 p.m. and resumed at 9 p.m. )
2. accession of bulgaria and romania to the convention on the law applicable to contractual obligations ( vote )
by mr belet on behalf of the committee on culture and education on the future of professional football in europe , and
mr president , i congratulate mr de rossa on his report on the protection and conservation of great apes and other species endangered by the illegal trade in bushmeat .
the next item is voting time .
negotiations on the pnr agreements with the us , australia and canada ( debate )
thank you , commissioner. that was very well received .
no amendments have been proposed for the sittings of 27 and 28 april .
if these conditions are met i see no reason to reject the common position .
to wind up the debate , i have received six motions for a resolution
composition of committees and delegations : see minutes
in writing . - ( de ) i thank the rapporteur. many ideas from my group have been worked into the report before us , and now we have a very good result .
( fr ) mr president , we have just amended the economic policy guidelines by a very large majority .
i therefore have no objections to the rapporteur ’ s proposals .
i call upon the commission to reflect on this and shelve the proposal .
ladies and gentlemen , this is , in fact , the last sitting of the year and also the last day of this part-session .
. madam president , i am a bit disappointed with the conservative approach of ms lehtomäki in her interpretation of the sauna culture .
amendment no 23 , in our opinion , contravenes the commission ' s right of initiative .
the matter of raising conciliation will be after the vote tomorrow .
haste and impatience rarely ensure success. today 's motion of censure was premature. tomorrow , either the commission will have changed , or it will be changed !
i should like to thank you and to thank all the speakers for having raised the nicaraguan situation .
mr president , i too would like to congratulate mr collins on his excellent report and indeed for accepting my amendments on the health aspects of air travel .
the next item is the debate on
the vote will be taken tomorrow at 11.30 a.m.
– we come to the time for speeches by those members who ask to speak. as you know , they are limited to one minute each .
the next item is the joint debate on :
the vote will take place this afternoon following the debates .
the european parliament has closed its eyes. we all will regret it , because that reality is no longer the internal affair of one member state .
the vote will take place today at 12 noon .
second , why have you included the very curious note at the bottom of the page , which states that the czech constitutional court might hold the whole european process hostage ?
we are taking note of your comment and it will be duly considered .
this debate should remind us of our shared responsibility for the alarming regression in the field of democracy and human rights in russia .
we need this infrastructure for the following reasons :
all that is , in fact , completely certain is the fact that one can never be certain that nuclear power is completely safe .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i am voting in favour of the motion for a resolution on the situation in the horn of africa .
for these reasons , i voted in favour of the report .
tyres for motor vehicles and trailers
mr president , i first want to say that i agree with mr fourçans ' report , and also that i am pleased to see mr duisenberg in the european parliament .
therefore , i will be voting for the amendment to include bluefin tuna under appendix ii .
the statement by the vice-president of the commission and high representative of the union for foreign affairs and security policy .
effectiveness , clarity and coherence in the european provisions should therefore be our main objectives .
if there is a better description than that , i have yet to hear it .
thank you very much , commissioner , for your dedication. you have fulfilled your objective for today , which is to answer all the questions. we congratulate you .
eighteen months later , what has become of the measures we called for ?
we are surely in agreement on one point , namely the need to reform our asylum laws. throughout europe , the present asylum system is in the throes of a crisis .
moreover , we have requested that eta send its ceasefire letter to hamas so that hamas might take inspiration from it .
any exception to the country-of-origin approach , whether in the isd or in the e-commerce directive , should be strictly interpreted , narrowly interpreted and should be eliminated as soon as possible .
at last , the european parliament is including among its priority aims in the defence of the dignity of women , the serious issue of female genital mutilation .
it contains a number of important measures which also demonstrate that legislation in the european countries has not got the measure of the foul nature of crimes against children .
i voted in favour of this report .
that kind of support , necessary though it is , must not be given at the expense of the economy , trade and wealth creation .
in taking such decisions , the european parliament violates the spirit of the treaties and i hope there will be governments capable of restoring order .
uniform application of monitoring methods and standards of implementation must persist throughout the european community and the disparities that exist should be brought to an end .
( the sitting was closed at 11.50 p.m. )
( fr ) mr president , the principles , actions and tools of a european immigration policy : that is the vast subject-matter of mr busuttil 's report .
- bernd posselt and josé ribeiro e castro , on behalf of the ppe-de group , on guantánamo ( b6-0119 / 2004 ) ;
mr president , the proposed directive under discussion is particularly important and concerns all of us as users of motor vehicles .
as the time allocated to question time is at an end , questions nos 26 to 53 will be answered in writing .
: that means working on security and deepening cooperation with our global partners .
the european union cannot pursue an immigration policy based purely on policing , as the president of the french human rights league said a few days ago .
we have tried to get this incomplete and therefore incorrect report taken off the agenda , unfortunately without success .
so what can we do ? zimbabwe 's needs are huge. they are increasing exponentially , and this is mainly due to the current government 's mismanagement .
mr president , i should like to thank you for visiting the scottish parliament last week. your words were much appreciated .
in accordance with this legal basis it falls to the european parliament to verify the credentials of its members until the uniform electoral procedure comes into force .
. madam president , i welcome the report on the european agency for health and safety at work and i congratulate the rapporteur on work well done .
the enlargement of the european energy community towards the east would stimulate the completion of energy liberalization , providing a joint advantage for possible future european union enlargement .
the council declaration on application of the provisions of the schengen acquis , and
with regard to the broader view , we have had a press release from the european commission this afternoon .
1. adaption of title iv of the ec treaty - court of justice ( vote )
first of all , you must reply to any personal remarks or comments immediately following the remarks or on the same day .
mr president , i also wish to commend and thank mr van den berg for his excellent efforts on this most important of issues .
however , this mechanism is used on an ad hoc basis and only in certain cases. in reality it is being used to finance redundancy plans .
. mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , 2005 is going to be an important year for all the european institutions , including the european commission , of course .
certainly , mr poos , that was my intention .
the next item is the debate on six motions for resolutions on togo ( 1 ) .
the vote will take place on thursday at 12 noon .
we should not be scapegoats for france ’ s current crisis .
mr president , there are more than 600 million disabled people in the world , and over 400 million of them live in developing countries .
however , it is also clear that there have been unaccountable and unacceptable actions within the commission that have jeopardised the reputation and the good name of the institution .
the vote on the linkohr report is thus postponed until tomorrow , wednesday , at 12 noon , to enable the rapporteur and the members to become acquainted with the text .
much of this does not cost money , but it does need political will. and the political will to take measures using a european approach and a european dimension .
will the council please confirm that emcdda will be used to the greatest possible extent to ensure that coordination among the various bodies takes place properly ?
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see minutes
it is more precise , more accurate and has the same meaning. i request your acceptance .
the de facto export ban on hides and skins by india led the community to hold formal wto consultations at the beginning of 1998 .
type-approval of motor vehicles and engines ( debate )
the next item is the joint debate on
thank you very much , commissioner bolkestein .
my third point concerns maternity and childbirth leave for self-employed women and assisting spouses. i think that mrs lulling has done an excellent job on this .
fostering the solidarity economy is one way of improving the situation .
this right of patients to crossborder healthcare will compel the member states of the eu to ensure that there are no waiting lists in their own countries .
in writing . - i voted in favour of this report which will assist in the fight against bluetongue disease within the eu .
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
subject : role of the media in the increased sexual exploitation of women
on the other hand , i would like to temper the words of the rapporteur on two points :
( the speaker agreed to take a blue card question under rule 149 ( 8 ) )
we have therefore voted in favour of this report .
the vote will take place shortly .
( ro ) over 40 countries have given up the death penalty method since 1990 and , today , over 120 countries have legally prohibited such a penalty .
1. mobilisation of the eu solidarity fund : italy , the abruzzo earthquake (
let me also thank the itre shadow rapporteurs for their constructive support .
that concludes questions to the commission .
the vote will take place today at 12 p.m.
question no 11 by peter truscott ( h-0242 / 99 )
( parliament adopted the resolution ) i call on mr malerba to congratulate mr pompidou on our behalf .
outcome of the european council on 11-12 december 2008 - french presidency 's term of office ( debate )
agenda of the next sitting : see minutes
lastly , my group will be divided in its vote on mr watts 's amendment seeking to have all battery hens banned from 2009 .
( parliament validated the mandate of the members )
mr president-in-office of the council , question no 13 is one of six questions which the council will not reply to today because of procedural problems .
mr maccormick and mr duff 's reports lay down procedures for making these guarantees effective .
we have a significant problem with recovery stock. there are certain recreational activities which impose big pressures on such recovery stock and we need to address this point .
3. afghan journalist perwiz kambakhsh - the case of the iranian citizen seyed mehdi kazemi
further reductions in asbestos in europe must be welcomed unreservedly .
it is the commission 's firm conviction that the council conclusions of 18 june are a welcome and necessary first step in this direction .
( it ) madam president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , first of all , i wanted to congratulate mr fernandes for his excellent work .
( parliament approved the initiative of the kingdom of sweden )
finally , may i say a big thank-you to mr söderman , who speaks the same beautiful , and most easily understandable , form of swedish as i do .
( the president declared the common position approved as amended )
before the vote on the resolution as a whole :
does the commission commit itself to formally consulting the secretary-general of the united nations ? yes or no , commissioner ?
3. we need to undertake the necessary institutional improvements and changes .
i wish to ask the rapporteur , just for clarification , whether it would not be easier , in the circumstances , to withdraw the amendment and leave the original commission text .
12. macro-financial assistance to serbia (
- a6-0142 / 2005 by mrs oomen-ruijten , on behalf of the committee on employment and social affairs , on the social agenda for the period 2006-2010 .
queiró , muscardini , on behalf of the uen group , to the commission ( b5-0211 / 2000 ) ;
i wish to thank parliament for its support on this matter and i hope that the final discussions will enable parliament and the council to adopt the recommendations shortly .
thank you , commissioner. as president i would also like to congratulate mrs lynne on a report that has had a huge impact among civil society .
i would like to thank the president for his generosity and to give you all my best wishes for this festive season and for the coming year .
since the time allocated to questions to mr bangemann has now expired , question no 36 will be dealt with in writing .
i wanted to begin my speech with this line from a guillaume apollinaire poem , to emphasise the importance for the european parliament of relaunching its space policy .
i should like to emphasise a couple of the main points in the council draft budget within the various areas of expenditure .
i would like to call for the adoption of points seven and ten of the resolution , which appeal for a process of national reconciliation in that country .
( members on the left held up placards reading ' stop the war ' and ' stop the killers ' and the words ' thousands are being killed ' were heard in the background )
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
i voted in favour of the report by mrs geringer de oedenberg on a community system of reliefs from customs duty .
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
approximation of taxes and excise duties
( ro ) first of all , i wish to thank the rapporteur and those who have worked on perhaps the most important piece of legislation from this last parliamentary term .
our main challenge must be to europeanise the debate and ensure internal political issues do not impinge on it , as was the case in the recent european elections .
i now ask that we remember the victims of terrorism .
so what can we as politicians do to address and overcome this situation ?
mr president , thank you for giving me the opportunity to speak .
9. system of the communities ' own resources (
because fisheries have a future , we call for measures such as the proposals in the resolution we presented to be adopted as a matter of urgency .
( for the results and other details on the vote : see minutes )
mr martelli , you have had your minute. only one minute is allowed for a personal statement. you can submit the rest in writing , to mr barón crespo as well .
which of the existing mechanisms does the commission intend to reinforce in order to improve the effectiveness of the euro-mediterranean partnership ?
the vote will take place at 11.30 a.m.
mr president , we all have a vested interest in this report , because none of us is getting any younger .
the next item is the commission statement on ' made in ' ( origin marking ) .
we swedish social democrats agree with large parts of the report but wish to point out our attitude towards a common tax policy .
on the common authorisation procedure for food additives , food enzymes and food flavourings ( 16673 / 2 / 2007 - c6-0138 / 2008 - ( rapporteur : mrs westlund ) ;
we must deplore these killings , and call on the colombian government to hunt these murderers down and see that they are punished .
i would also like to express my gratitude for , and recognition of , the consensus which has existed in the committee on budgets in relation to this issue .
i am unable to agree with my group regarding its position on mr van dam ' s amendment , which i , personally , chose to support .
i have received five motions for resolutionstabled in accordance with rule 115 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure .
referred to the serious consequences of liberalisation in the textiles and clothing sector at global level with firms closing down or relocating , unemployment and serious socio-economic crises ;
there are many reasons for this : instability of governments , corruption and , in many cases , countries carrying a debt burden that they simply will never recover from .
( the president cut off the speaker )
( the president cut off the speaker )
as i have said on this issue and on any others relating to the services directive , i remain open to hearing the concerns and opinions of all stakeholders .
today , under a cloak of expediency , this house has demonstrated its hypocrisy .
14. the clean sky joint undertaking ( vote )
interpretation of the rules of procedure
so now , at this late stage , we still have our doubts about the scale of the problem and who is responsible .
this then is the challenge facing the commission , which we hope will bring us some good news before long .
there is much that is good in the economic guidelines , for example the concentration on employment. i have voted against as i am against emu .
international experts recently confirmed that all precautions had been taken in terms of the safety of modernized installations .
president , i too should like to congratulate mrs jeggle on her expertise in handling these reports. it makes sense to simplify but not to radically change at this stage .
secondly , market-based mechanisms are a success and the community emission allowance trading scheme appears to already be bearing fruit .
we have therefore abstained from voting on this text .
for our part , we are worried about this very important question of the abolition of duty-free sales , for both economic and social reasons .
to close , my congratulations to mr tannock and mr obiols .
– mr president , it is with great pleasure that i give an explanation of my vote on the report on turkey ’ s accession to the european union .
on your first point we will correct the minutes. on the second point the english minutes say quite clearly that the president also paid tribute to sir james goldsmith .
our solidarity is with the working classes of the mediterranean region and that means we are opposed to the cooperation between owners and rulers promoted by this resolution .
president of the commission . - i am sorry but i do not agree the problem is only with the big banks .
20 , 25 , 30 , 31 , 67 , 72 , 79 , 97 , 106 , 134 , 175 , 182 , 202 , 203 , 204 , 210 , 229 , 255 , 331 , 333 , 335 , 339 , 343 , 344 , 345 , 348
this work by mr savary is excellent because it takes account once again of a number of proposals by the committee on regional development .
agenda for next sitting : see minutes
- ( it ) madam president , ladies and gentlemen , last july , here in your presence , i made a solemn commitment to reform the commission .
the vote will be taken at 6.30 p.m.
b5-0630 / 2000 by mr sylla and mr vinci , on behalf of the confederal group of the european united left / nordic green left , on uganda ;
( the oral amendment was rejected and some members chanted the slogan ' europe is christian , not muslim ' )
b5-0917 / 2000 by sakellariou and swoboda , on behalf of the pse group ;
of course , mr giertych , i duly note your comment , and we shall naturally make the required changes .
amending the labelling regulation will have no adverse effects on trade , as the traditional appellations for fortified wines are limited , whereas third countries generally export ordinary or unfortified wines .
control of the acquisition and possession of weapons ( debate )
i therefore believe it to be essential , mr president , for the minutes to show why a postponement of this debate was requested .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
the vote will take place at voting time , to be held in a few minutes .
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on thursday 26 may 2005 .
i give the floor to the commissioner to answer mrs terrón 's question .
mr president , first of all i should like warmly to congratulate luisa todini on her excellent work on this green paper .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
thank you for your answer , commissioner .
the sitting was closed at 11.55 p.m.
the vote will take place at 11 a.m.
' that the sustainable production of food is directly linked to the efficient use of water ' .
commissioner , please accept my apologies on behalf of the house for the noise during your speech in response to the members ' comments .
. the issue addressed in this report is difficult due to its history and its far-reaching ramifications .
( b5-0173 / 2003 ) by mrs mckenna and mrs isler béguin , on behalf of the verts / ale group , on burma ;
you are absolutely right , we did indeed vote on the paragraph without those two words. the two words have been removed. you should have been informed of that .
like many of my colleagues i am interested in the impact on clubs in the north-west of england , which is , after all , the home of football .
b5-0339 / 2002 , by mrs mckenna , on behalf of the group of the greens / european free alliance , on detention without trial under the internal security act in malaysia ;
let me respond to some of the points which have been made , some of which have emerged in this debate and some of which emerged in the earlier discussions .
( for details of the outcome of the vote : see minutes )
mr president , my question relates to the order of the votes on the amendments concerning paragraph 10 , in other words , the genocide in armenia .
fourthly , i want to say that peace , stability , healthcare and good governance are priority goals for many still unstable african countries .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , beyond simple budgetary considerations , there are four additional objectives in the proposal before us this evening .
furthermore , portugal has a national central reference point which is available 24 / 7 and which is responsible for fighting this type of crime through interpol and a global operational network .
second , the region has entered a dramatic climate change we need to react to .
we should take a lesson from nature and conduct ourselves properly and comply with the laws which we ourselves have passed .
the group of independents for a europe of nations supported both the report and the amendments tabled by the committee on the environment , public health and consumer protection .
thank you for your consideration , madam president : it is an important matter .
4. community action programme in the field of consumer policy ( 2007 - 2013 ) ( vote )
- mrs svensson , i can confirm that the president will write accordingly .
( sk ) i agree that reductions of emissions must continue , and if we have rules which will contribute towards their reduction , let us try to enforce those rules properly .
( de ) mr president , i voted in favour of the hegyi report because we have repeatedly criticised the democratic deficit that exists with regard to genetically modified organisms .
( the sitting was closed at 1.05 p.m. )
for all these reasons , i voted to reject the proposal for a directive on services .
let me again highlight the key challenges that we are facing. i know that they are of particular concern to this house .
in writing . - ( pl ) i am voting in favour of mrs budreikaitė 's report on the challenge of eu development cooperation policy for the new member states .
( the sitting was closed at 7.55 p.m. )
the commission ’ s scientific committee on animal health and animal welfare published a report in 1998 that concluded ' force-feeding , as currently practised , is detrimental to the welfare of the birds ' .
. mr president , honourable members , thank you for your valuable views on the white paper .
b5-0246 / 2000 by mrs gonzález álvarez and others on behalf of the confederal group of the european united left / nordic green left ;
the next item is the voting on any objections concerning the debate on topical and urgent subjects of major importance .
i hope they can hear you. they are to be kept on , not permanently , this is not foreseeable , but at least until the end of the year .
thank you , mr van den broek .
i voted against setting a 10 % target for plant fuels , and in favour of calls for a full impact assessment before considering any possible biofuels target .
15. requirements for budgetary frameworks of member states (
proposal for a council decision establishing the specific programme ' prevention of and fight against crime ' for the period 2007-2013 - general programme ' security and safeguarding liberties ' - c6-0242 / 2005 -
subject : human rights in equatorial guinea
i know i can rely on all the institutions to contribute. i am grateful to the european commission and the central european bank for issuing their opinions promptly .
18. european judicial network in civil and commercial matters (
– the next item is the statements by the council and the commission on human rights in tunisia .
what does the commission think about this and what is now the way forward after this initiative by mr barroso yesterday ?
( the formal sitting was closed at 12.40 p.m. )
mr president , the only political response which it is possible to give today is to be found in my minority opinion. democratic scrutiny is essential .
i should therefore like to collect signatures demanding referendums throughout the eu .
mr president , mr president-in-office , commissioner , there are different ways of discussing agricultural policy : in principle and with a long-term perspective , or in terms of what can be achieved today .
the real cause of the bse problems for the uk was a series of actions by the uk thatcher government .
approval of minutes of previous sitting : see minutes
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , i would first like to congratulate the rapporteur mr mombaur on his excellent report .
mr president , trying to block or limit information to patients ties in very poorly with the principles of transparency in modern healthcare .
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolution :
accordingly , a non-enforceable collective agreement before the transfer will continue to remain non-enforceable after the transfer .
we therefore call on the heads of state and government of the countries of europe to rethink their strategy and to stop falling into line with the united states .
i am completely convinced that as soon as parliament has made its decision , the council will look at it very carefully .
we will now continue with the debate on 2009 discharge ( 39 reports ) .
greater flexibility in current legislation in the labour field , which would lead to those seeking employment being offered various types of employment contracts and working time regulations ;
mr president , i only wanted to ask mrs flemming not to call me " no one " !
we did not , consequently , vote in favour of this report .
the june list believes that cross-border environmental problems represent an issue that should be dealt with at community level. air pollution is an example of just such a problem .
mr president , our position has been very well explained by mr wurtz and mr sylla .
question no 37 will not be taken , since it deals with a subject that is already on the agenda for today ’ s sitting .
finally , mr president , i should like in a moment to refer to the rules of procedure regarding the proposals made by mrs oomen-ruijten .
- before the vote on amendment 6 :
this has been spoken of clearly here. we have experience : we know how military interventions are started , and we know that once started they never stop .
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on friday 17 march 2000 .
after all , they add flavour and wort to this important popular foodstuff we call beer .
tobacco is a poison which kills hundreds of thousands of human beings every year and maims , or inflicts serious illnesses on , millions of others .
we expect the african countries to observe cease-fires , but we are fanning the flames of conflict with our arms exports to belligerents .
the president is considering these two points. when we get to the krahmer report , we will take your procedural motion .
b5-0747 / 2000 by mr korakas and others , on behalf of the confederal group of the european united left / nordic green left , on the fires in greece .
an alternative proposition is that we start half an hour earlier at 8.30 and then have the voting time at 11 o ' clock .
( the sitting was closed at 11.30 a.m. )
- before the vote on amendment 3 :
in writing . - ( pl ) mr president , i should like to begin by congratulating mr saryusz-wolski on his report concerning the european union 's common foreign and security policy .
to end this debate , we have received seven motions for resolutions ( 1 ) presented in accordance with rule 103 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
subject : import of poultry meat products from china
we regret that these considerations were not mentioned in the report .
thank you , commissioner , for your detailed answer .
the vote will take place at the end of the debates .
the vote on the motions for resolutions on tunisia will take place on thursday .
mr president , commissioner , mr peter has produced an excellent and comprehensive report on the commission communication on the social dialogue. i congratulate him warmly .
b5-0296 / 2001 by mr davies , on behalf of the eldr group ,
subject : vocational training in the maghreb countries
( replying to mr martinez , who heckles him )
second , funding for scientific and technical research and development must be dependent on concrete results. those results must be paid for by industry , with financial support from national budgets .
mr president , i think that mr escudero 's report has a certain value and i ask him to accept my congratulations .
the danish social democrats in the european parliament have today voted in favour of mr voggenhuber ’ s report ( a5-227 / 2004 ) on fundamental rights in the eu .
the vote will take place tomorrow .
( the sitting was closed at 7.20 p.m. )
i have received five motions for resolutions from different political groups . ( 1 )
will the council therefore explain what it intends to do to strengthen its dialogue with europe 's citizens on european policies , for instance in connection with ministerial meetings ?
technical roadside inspection of commercial vehicles
( de ) mr president , india and europe need more and better contacts with each other at all levels , but particularly between ordinary people : business people , tourists and students , for example .
i shall ask commissioner patten to take the floor immediately .
that is why i sincerely hope our parliament will stick to the common position of the council , and that , of course , is how i shall vote .
for this reason we shall be abstaining at the vote on this report .
mr president , this report takes on an even wider significance following the tragic events in yugoslavia and kosovo , right in the heart of europe .
in conclusion , i should like to thank the rapporteur for highlighting the role of spatial planning in cohesion policy , as it often goes unrecognised when planning regional development .
we should also have a democratic procedure for appointing judges .
madam president , i join with colleagues who are saying that we need smart measures to deal with authoritarian regimes which violate human rights .
is the council ready and willing to join with parliament to approach the commission and make it aware that it is actually responsible for ensuring compliance with this legislation ?
11. institutional aspects of accession by the european union to the european convention for the protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms (
may i take this opportunity to wish you a happy christmas and to thank you for the quality of our joint efforts throughout 2000 .
in this way , the two half truths could be turned into two complete truths .
ladies and gentlemen , the sitting is resumed .
the commission is aware of the particular political importance of the year ahead and , in response to the honourable member ’ s question , i would make the following points .
every era is an era of transition. the same applies to our term of office as president of the european council .
the sitting is now suspended until voting time .
third asia-europe meeting in seoul , 20-21 october 2000 ( asem iii )
3. the barcelona process : union for the mediterranean (
( the sitting was closed at 4.20 p.m. )
president. the framework agreement will be annexed to the rules of procedure .
17. the barcelona process : union for the mediterranean ( vote )
implementing the strategy must also involve more efficient use of the structural funds and , above all , the possibility of putting financial resources not used in macro-regional projects to use .
( it ) mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the situation inside iran is continuing to deteriorate .
taken as a whole , the resolution adopted serves to improve transparency and effectiveness , which is to the benefit of europe ' s citizens .
and that you can do. as far as i can see , no recorded vote has been called for .
the next item is the debate on seven motions for resolutions on iran , in particular , the case of nasrin sotoudeh .
communication of council common positions : see minutes
president-in-office of the council . - the answer to the first question by the honourable member is ' yes ' , particularly because we need to discuss these issues .
the order of business is thus established .
i would therefore insist that i believe there is considerable agreement. the prestige tragedy has been a real wake-up call for all the member states of the union .
( sk ) the food crisis is not only an economic and humanitarian problem but also a question of world peace and security .
first part : how does the commission intend to promote and organise migration from existing apis to a single api ?
( explanation of vote abbreviated in accordance with rule 137 ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure )
secondly , the ratification process started in hungary. you need to structure and galvanise the process and provide sufficient coordinated information to the citizens of europe .
2008 budget guidelines ( sections i , ii , iv , v , vi , vii , viii ( a ) and viii ( b ) )
what evidence does she have that , if we do so , this will help persuade america , india , china , or other countries to sign up to a globally binding agreement ?
. i am delighted to support this report and welcome the proposed extension of the peace programme to cover this year and 2006 .
mr cassidy , are you going to join the labour party ? i walk into the chamber and here he is !
mr president , in my view that treaty has just been violated by the preceding vote , which has cut a week 's sitting in october out of next year 's session .
mr president , my voting buttons have malfunctioned. i wanted to vote against !
the member states are also called on to ensure the operation of cross-border networks of electronic information systems created by the commission .
subject : adoption of the regulation on designs and models when is the regulation on designs and models scheduled to be adopted ?
– mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , as society develops , it is advisable to regularly readjust the priorities of european policy for young people .
mr janez lenarčič will speak on behalf of the council .
the vote will take place at 3 p.m.
as you see , mr samland , the house unanimously endorses these thanks. i feel that we will be able to vote in the best conditions .
mr president , as the rapporteur said just now , we are discussing this dossier here , which is nevertheless an important one , in what is almost an intimate atmosphere .
what consequences does it think this rise will have on the beginnings of economic recovery in europe and on employment in the euro zone ?
in relation to the amendments which are now under consideration , the commission can accept nine of them in full or in part. those are amendments nos 1-8 and 14 .
. ( sv ) i would have preferred a different wording for paragraph 9 .
it is patently absurd that the eu should speak with one voice for 25 member states on issues concerning the diversity of cultural contents and artistic expressions .
again , i thank mr nisticò for his sympathetic acceptance of colleagues ' views and of our amendments in the various areas. i thank him for his cooperation throughout .
( the sitting was suspended until the vote at 11.15 a.m. and resumed at 11.30 a.m. )
again , i would like to thank ms andrikienvery very much for the work that she has done , and congratulate her on the report , which has been extremely helpful .
madam president , concerning this readmission agreement with pakistan , i believe that there are a number of different areas of analysis that should be considered at this time .
with their usual fruitful cooperation the committee – led by the rapporteur – incorporated our amendments into its report , and for that i warmly thank them .
we believe that copyright rules have to be flexible enough in order not to overly complicate the creation of online libraries .
the debate is closed. the vote will take place at the end of the debate .
question no 6 by mark watts ( h-0504 / 98 )
i have worked for a different europe for years and i cannot vote for something i believe to be an authoritarian and illogical adventure .
mr bonde has asked for the floor .
this should further encourage us to apply community preference effectively and keep as much of our agricultural production as possible within the european union .
the next item is the debate on the european council report and the commission statement on the outcome of the european council in lisbon , the social summit .
i will vote to approve the draft regulation .
thank you , mrs hautala. perhaps you would also let us know where you like eating lobster , as you use it as such an elegant example .
i shall now give mr gorostiaga the floor on a procedural motion .
as the european parliament , we will ensure that the commission keeps its promises , in the context of the proposed training and educational programmes for future generations .
on the motions for resolutions on natural disasters - italian earthquake
i thank mr ettl for the work he has done on this .
( explanation of vote abbreviated in accordance with rule 137 ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure )
b5-0165 / 2000 by mr schori , on behalf of the group of the party of european socialists , on freedom of expression , independence of the media and due process in angola ;
secondly , in a globalised world , europe must be an active partner in the creation of a new international framework involving the main partners .
amendment no 35 is unacceptable for legal reasons and because we have assessed the costs .
since its author is not present , question no 4 lapses .
the fact that parliament is dealing with the causes of climate change on our planet is important .
there may have been an error in the interpretation of what i said. i think that was the case .
the vote will take place tomorrow ( tuesday , 18 may 2010 ) .
what are we actually doing at the moment ? what can we expect in the short term ?
dates of forthcoming sittings : see minutes
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
( de ) commissioner , you said yourself that 60 % of undertakings intend to do nothing. now i ask you : what does the commission intend to do ?
. mr president , mr barroso , how nice it is for us to be able to continue our conversation that was so rudely interrupted just a month ago .
to sum up , mr president , this is a sound agreement for a sound programme for the conservation of the tropical forests .
fourthly , it is very important that stricter measures be taken to protect seas from contamination either from land or sea and
the union for a europe of nations group has supported mr liese ' s report .
the vote takes place today at 12.00 noon .
the undersigned have voted against the report for the following main reasons :
thank you , mrs lulling. your comments will be recorded in the minutes , and i will once again take steps to ensure that you receive your answer .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , several days have now passed since a young italian woman , assisting in child support efforts , was kidnapped in afghanistan .
( fr ) mr president , first of all i wish to thank our rapporteur , in particular for the work she has done and the result that has finally been achieved .
- before the vote on amendment 9 :
be that as it may , there are only 44 or 45 cross-border financial institutions and we have a supervisory system which is way out of date for such operations .
universal service and ' 112 ' emergency number ( short presentation )
using ' terrorism ' as a pretext , it reinforced and created new mechanisms to repress human rights and freedoms. it adopted the us doctrine of ' preventive war ' .
on behalf of the pse group . - ( de ) mr president , commissioner , many thanks for the briefing you have given us today once again on the progress of discussions .
finally , on supervision , if europe wants to go down the right road , it must , as a matter of urgency , implement the de larosière group 's proposals .
the next item is the report by mr oostlander on turkey 's application for membership of the european union .
to end , i would like to say that we agree with the discharge of the accounts which the three reports refer to .
3. a catch documentation programme for bluefin tuna ( thunnus thynnus ) (
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
the vote will take place tomorrow morning .
this is very important as we often talk about innovations , new initiatives and modernisation. this document creates exactly the right conditions for all this .
first , the inability of leading trade partners to reconcile themselves to ceding internal financial and political independence .
( the sitting was closed at 12 midnight )
it would have been far better to maintain the national monopolies , with proper structures for public supervision and mutual cooperation .
with the presidency i hope that matters can be discussed with mrs çiller on the fringes of the general meeting of the united nations next week in new york .
this will be a useful , effective measure to prevent , detect , investigate and prosecute terrorists and other criminals , and to trace their assets .
- before the vote on amendment 31
it is particularly important to publicise this programme through communication and information projects and by drafting common working instruments that do not constitute barriers to the movement of candidates .
this text sees us continuing the work of the founding fathers who wanted this europe of 25 states – soon to be more – and dreamed of it .
i want to remind mr pöttering and all his vice-presidents -
composition of committees and delegations : see minutes
it is a question for you , mr commissioner. you can shrug , but it will be interesting to hear your perspective on this .
( written statement abbreviated pursuant to rule 120 ( 7 ) of the rules of procedure )
mr president , first i wish to congratulate mrs redondo on her work and efforts and on the passion with which she has supported the obvious .
yesterday ' s minutes have been distributed .
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
. the problem will be given serious consideration. i agree fully with the honourable member that this is one of the problems that commands our full attention .
the vote will take place at 5 p.m. this afternoon .
- the oral question to the council ( o-0056 / 2006 b6-0222 / 2006 ) by liam aylward , on behalf of the uen group , on the sustainable development strategy and
request for the waiver of the parliamentary immunity of mr pasqua and mr marchiani
( the sitting was suspended at 11.56 a.m. and resumed at 12.36 a.m. )
i would like to add that i believe we should be conducting this debate in brussels rather than in strasbourg .
( parliament rejected the motion for a resolution )
b5-0561 / 2002 by mrs frassoni and mr wuori , on behalf of the verts / ale group , on the international criminal court .
furthermore , there is also ' local cooperation group ' , founded on the administration of the structural funds which forms a second , unnecessary and bureaucratic organization alongside the democratic local authority administration .
but carmen díez de rivera icaza asked for attention to be paid to the doñana catastrophe , and it is quite right that we should do so .
the commissioner will not answer that question because it is not related to the matters on the agenda and we must respect a rule we have agreed amongst ourselves .
i declare the session of the european parliament adjourned .
the work of the council relating to the communication of the agenda 2000 committee , has only just begun .
what exactly have we done , then , during this first stage ?
b5-0933 / 2000 by malmström , on behalf of the eldr group ;
effectively , in my opinion , with this document tabled by mrs banotti we are doing the very best that is possible for our children and grandchildren .
secondly : attention has been repeatedly drawn to the need to bring students closer to business in order to train tomorrow ' s entrepreneurs .
work of the acp-eu joint assembly in 1996
if no one else wishes to take the floor , we shall vote on this request for urgent procedure .
we must help to integrate creative and cultural aspects into industrial production , particularly in a europe replete with smes .
[ com ( 2000 ) 357 - c5-0257 / 2000 - 2000 / 2164 ( dec ) ]
composition of political groups : see minutes
. the adoption of the constitutional treaty by this house is an historic moment given the role played by parliament throughout the process .
the next item is the vote .
. our proposal to reject the directive on port services has , i am pleased to say , been adopted .
we will now adjourn the debate and resume it at 6 p.m.
history has taught us that , unless we react immediately when people suffer , their suffering is bound to increase by multiples and factors way beyond our conception .
thank you very much , mrs lulling .
1. request for waiver of mr hans-peter martin 's parliamentary immunity (
first , that no general exemption from the basic provisions of the directive is allowed and the competent authorities in the member states will decide on a case-by-case basis and ,
i have a question for the commission and council : when will we have a consolidated treaty so that we can understand the content ?
president-designate of the commission . - mr president , i will start with issues of policy , then politics if i have the time .
question no 3 by alexandros alavanos ( h-0609 / 98 )
i accordingly voted in favour of the amadou report .
on the other point concerning coordination , let me clarify that frontex will coordinate operations involving the competent authorities of the many member states concerned .
it should also be emphasized that better fuels immediately mean less pollution , since even today 's cars will function better and produce lower emissions .
thus , support for the commission 's proposals presupposes a guarantee of respect , by the european union and its member states , of fundamental principles :
in so doing they are not gaining time , but rather missing a chance. a chance for a modern , competitive europe .
how did the prime minister of turkey respond ? by saying that it is in cyprus not for the benefit of the turkish cypriots , but for turkey 's strategic interests .
we therefore applaud those sentiments in the sörensen report which support our view .
this is what needs to be done if we intend to work towards an integrated maritime policy , and if we intend to work for the environment and sustainability .
. i voted in favour of the böge report on the interinstitutional agreement because i feel that it represents the highest common denominator , following lengthy negotiations in trialogue .
madam president , i wish to speak about regional policy and transport issues , but first let me congratulate the rapporteurs and the committee chairman on their work .
my reaction to the common position of the council was one of ambivalence .
. ( fr ) my colleague 's , mrs sandbaek 's , report has given rise to much debate and triggered some passionate feeling. the report contains only sensible amendments , however .
mr tajani , these are indeed recurring themes unfortunately , and are a constant concern within parliament. they are very sad happenings indeed .
i voted against the final adoption of this resolution .
( the president cut off the speaker )
we thus support two of the four amendments which have been tabled on the two points referred to .
the following questions are addressed to the commission .
in writing . - this postpones the closure of the accounts of the european police college for the financial year 2009 .
firstly , our strategy must aim for global agreement on much stricter standards on aircraft noise ;
it is aimed at the authorities responsible for combating money laundering and terrorist financing , and establishes rules on the requirement to provide information on payers transferring funds .
i do not speak or read italian , as you know , but the sessional services have told me that in italian it is clearly ' may ' as well .
the next item is the joint debate on the following oral questions to the commission , referring to postal services :
the next item is the joint debate on the following resolutions :
does the council agree with him and does it consider that the us national missile defense ( nmd ) programme is good for the security balance in europe ?
as you know , we held a minute 's silence in memory of the victims of terrorism. please let us respect the memory of the people we honoured .
can the commission provide information on the grounds for suspending the proceedings brought against the us within the wto in connection with the application of the helms-burton act ?
let me take the liberty of asking an iconoclastic question : could we do without a monitoring centre dealing exclusively with the differences in the treatment of men and women ?
– b5-0021 / 2004 by mrs maes , mrs mckenna and mr rod , on behalf of the group of the greens / european free alliance , on burundi ;
2. defence of the immunity and privileges of aldo patriciello (
my second example is the via baltica expressway project with all its attendant environmental problems. an appropriate response was made in this case , which the petitioners have duly acknowledged .
' what 's a luxembourger ? ' says my mate .
before the vote on child soldiers in uganda :
5. eu-vietnam air services agreement (
10. ec-ukraine agreement for scientific and technological cooperation (
setting tolerance thresholds for impurities for gm seeds in this particular case is the only way to address the problem. closing our market completely is not a viable option .
we could never approve or support a directive which discriminates against other people ' s cultures in this way .
i therefore consider it essential to extend the integration and overall liberalisation of the single market and to eliminate obstacles to the provision of cross-border telecommunications services .
i did not forget to answer your question , but the debate was very long and there were so many interventions , all of them very valuable .
with regard to the membership of committees :
reducing the risks and impact associated with pesticide use and setting targets aimed at reducing how frequently these products are used will help guarantee sustainable farming .
we shall suspend the sitting and resume at 11.00 a.m. for the formal sitting with the president of bulgaria .
question no 34 by leen van der waal ( h-0117 / 97 )
. – the commission ’ s legislative programme for 2006 illustrates a concept of europe that is now obsolete :
we also believe it is important to ensure that the eu 's external dimension is consistent with competition policy when it comes to negotiating bilateral trade agreements .
- ( a6-0026 / 2005 ) by mr goebbels , on behalf of the committee on economic and monetary affairs , on the european economic situation – preparatory report on the broad economic policy guidelines [ 2004 / 2269 ( ini ) ] ;
and finally a plea to my colleagues , particularly my german and italian colleagues , that they urge their own national authorities to make border checks more effective .
furthermore , the report stresses the stable employment in member states , despite local fluctuations , but no data has been produced to demonstrate this .
. madam president , in the strategy for 2006 we will have special initiatives for the new member states , taking the report into account .
people 's concerns over noise pollution , as we approach the third millennium , as shown by the latest surveys published by the euro-barometer , are on the increase .
this must be set against the statement in the european charter of fundamental rights to the effect that ' collective expulsions are prohibited . '
the financial and budgetary goodwill that we are showing is not enough. we must also express political will and give ourselves the means to make ourselves heard .
reiterates the concerns regarding the measures outlining an indiscriminate use of pnr data for profiling and for the definition of risk assessment parameters ;
it is unacceptable socially because it disadvantages tens of thousands of tobacco-growing families in the poorest areas of the european union , who are unable to grow alternative crops .
a harmonized procedure for the recognition of refugee status must include the following points. unless they are incorporated in the text i cannot approve the proposal .
b5-0269 / 2001 by mrs frassoni and others , on behalf of the verts / ale group ;
finally , we have a wipo position to defend , and we must vote consistently. i am hoping for a positive decision , for then we shall be accepting international responsibility .
thank you mr corbett and congratulations on your maiden speech .
we are therefore tabling this declaration of intended rejection to make the council negotiate in the conciliation committee , as provided for by article 189b ( 2 ) ( c ) of the treaty .
as for the threshold value , my group will be endorsing 0.5 % or lower for accidental presence .
we will have to break this debate and continue it at 9 p.m. because our agenda indicates that at 5.30 p.m. we move on to the commission statement .
this is the commission 's formal interpretation of the un convention .
as they deal with the same subject , questions nos 1 , 2 and 3 will be taken together .
that is why , i do not understand the attitude of the commission at this stage , and i consider it unacceptable .
the sitting was closed at 11.45 p.m.
on behalf of the ppe-de group . - mr president , i should like to thank the commissioner for his well-chosen words here this evening .
. i congratulate mr nicholson on his excellent work on the recommendation concerning the extension of the duration of the peace programme .
i should like to thank you from the chair and wish you every success .
that has already been done , and that will be the last time for this year .
we also have to discuss matters in order to reach conclusions on some of your concerns about the importance of cooperation with russia in the fight against terrorism .
this applies to all of the parties in bulgaria that respect , of course , the rules of our community .
we support a common immigration policy ;
subject : cost-benefit analysis of the identification and registration of sheep and goats
i have asked you to check whether there were 29 members willing to support my request .
accordingly , let us now hope that the commission justifies the trust placed in it and , at the earliest opportunity , presents the proposal required to regulate this important area .
on behalf of the verts / ale group . - ( fi ) mr president , ladies and gentlemen , my sincere thanks go to the rapporteur , mr csibi , for his excellent work .
– mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , parliament ’ s budget for 2006 ought to reflect a number of the key priorities set out in the dombrovskis report .
with regard to the geopolitical picture , this will change considerably if iceland 's eu accession negotiations prove successful. iceland 's accession would also strengthen the eu 's presence in the region .
mr president , may i first of all take the opportunity to congratulate mr watson on the preparation of this report. it is a very balanced and very good report .
as you can tell from the applause , mrs andré-léonard , rather more people were listening than it might have appeared .
subject : tax on financial transactions versus article 56 article 56 of the ec treaty reads :
( the sitting was suspended at 19.35 and resumed at 21.00 )
the vote will take place tomorrow .
i am very grateful to mr howitt for enabling me to air this extraordinary act of consistency and generosity on the part of the coalition government in london .
the vote will be taken tomorrow at 12 noon .
i wish to conclude by expressing the hope that the positive expectations arising from the directive will also be met .
i have a suggestion to make : for the sake of effectiveness , the european centre should be coordinated with the meteorological and hydrological services of the 27 member states .
mr casaca has asked to make a personal statement , in accordance with rule 145 of the rules of procedure .
we have therefore voted against this report .
strengthening the scientific and technological basis of european industry ;
this cannot be the spirit of the treaty of lisbon , for which we fought so hard and which you , president-in-office of the council , commissioner , have an obligation to implement .
the vote will take place immediately .
thank you very much , commissioner .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 9 a.m.
for want of suitable community powers , i first address the member states :
the recent economic crisis has laid bare the shortcomings of the system for regulating and supervising global finance .
mr president , i should like it all the same if people listened to me .
20. prohibition of highgrading and restrictions on fishing for flounder and turbot in the baltic sea , the belts and the sound (
mrs doyle has listed many of the technical points i wished to make about the conditions of junior working doctors .
( loud applause ) ( the formal sitting was closed at 12.35 p.m. )
it is also unacceptable that the new social policy agenda is deprived of both the necessary instruments and adequate financial resources , ...
question no 6 by john joseph mccartin ( h-0363 / 03 ) :
the first is that the ombudsman is an indispensable part of a democratic european union and , most importantly , one that is close to the citizens .
relating to the president ' s communication on the membership of the committees .
in its common position , the commission and the council adopted some of the amendments put forward by parliament , thus leaving behind significant concerns in this area .
i therefore ask the commission to subject the agreement with morocco to further careful scrutiny and not to sign it until it has undergone a further review .
mr president , i am surprised by commissioner borg ’ s statement that legislation that is recent cannot be modified. i believe that legislation that is not good must be updated .
mr karas has done an excellent job trying to remedy a mistaken proposal on the basic content of the stability pact .
. ( nl ) the european parliament has today voted for the accession of ten new member states to the european union .
in writing . - the commission intends to improve the supplementary supervision of financial entities in a financial conglomerate in two steps .
in the international arena , eu leaders rightly focused on issues such as iraq and the future role of the un .
secondly , it is currently a member of the g20 and i hope of course , to answer mrs mann , that it will continue to be one in the future .
- the oral question to the council by maria martens , on behalf of the committee on development , on development and sport ( o-0078 / 2005 – b6-0340 / 2005 ) and
madam president , i am sure many people are interested in what i am going to say .
the delegation is led by senator gabriel valdés , chairman of the senate 's foreign affairs committee .
the fight against the fraud that damages the community ' s financial interests should , for obvious reasons , be one of the european commission ' s main priorities for action .
as far as producer organisations are concerned , their role is being upgraded , even using anti-democratic changes , so that even those who do not want to are forced to join .
however , two things should be prevented by europe .
accordingly , we must publicly acknowledge the existence of the committee on petitions in parliament and the work that it does .
as they deal with the same subject , the following questions will be taken together .
( the sitting was closed at 7.10 p.m. )
mr president , i want to begin by saying that although this concept has been much discussed already , we must return to it in today 's debate and consider its importance .
( the minutes of the previous sitting were approved )
finally , i would like to reaffirm that the european union must play a more active role in central asia , both politically and economically .
it is of course essential that toys not contain carcinogenic substances. this is self-evident. and i believe we have worked effectively to remove this threat .
mr president , i must also congratulate mr happart. his work has always been efficient and consistent and he has also sometimes acted as a necessary irritant to this house .
i fear that the european parliament has blundered by yielding to the dictates of so-called political correctness .
i shall open the vote to establish precisely whether or not a motion for a resolution would be appropriate .
you see , there is no unequal treatment here on the part of the commission , but rather it is a question of finding the most appropriate solution .
the only way ahead is to move within the united nations security council resolutions and to convene an international peace conference along these lines .
( parliament agreed to take into consideration the oral amendment )
mr fabre-aubrespy , you have already asked that question and i have told you that i will look into it. you do not need to ask it again .
i have received one motion for a resolution tabled in accordance with article 108 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure .
as the author is not present , question no 2 lapses .
the states , and also industry , are working to combat this noise pollution , which can cause illness .
( the sitting was opened at 9 a.m. )
. mr president , i would like to propose an oral amendment to amendment 9 , to remove the reference to civil society. the rest of the amendment will remain unchanged .
so i welcome this resolution and i commend it .
( the president cut the speaker off )
author . - madam president , i am very much looking forward to the answers to these very detailed questions .
another shows it as a tower under construction .
mr president , with regard to electoral campaigns , in france we have already given an opinion and i would prefer that we keep to the subject in hand .
the former require a reinforced majority whereas the latter do not .
the vote will be taken at 12 noon .
action taken on parliament 's resolutions : see minutes
as far as the commission ' s own communications infrastructure is concerned , the commission is working on introducing stronger european encryption products for its electronic communications .
in writing . - i voted for this report on the proposal for a council regulation on denominations and technical specifications of euro coins intended for circulation ( codified text ) .
rapporteur . - ( fr ) mr president , the amendment has been withdrawn and does not have to be put to a vote .
what is more , it should not be the case that one commissioner sets himself up as some sort of supreme commissioner who can then dictate to the other .
motion for a resolution ( b5-0019 / 99 ) , tabled by mr goerens and others , on behalf of the eldr group , on the cologne european council meeting on 3 and 4 june 1999
the compromise we came to was only to exempt uses in closed industrial applications , for example , the manufacture of concrete blocks , concrete lintels or other products of that type .
i would ask you to observe a minute ' s silence .
( pl ) madam president , i have a very difficult name and am used to the fact that people find it difficult to pronounce .
the resolution addresses a serious issue ; but what , in this situation , are speculation and loose assertions , and what are facts ?
second , i am happy that we managed to eliminate - partly , at least - protectionist tendencies. nevertheless , they are still alive , and i think solidarity is the key .
the next item is the one-minute speeches on matters of political importance .
personal data and privacy in telecommunications
i voted against this report which , once again , shows how the majorities that govern europe are incapable of listening to the demands of european citizens .
11. draft amending budget 5 / 2008 (
it also sets out the obligations to provide information and the requirement for the commission to be present in parliament .
as far as the european arrest warrant is concerned , i really would be terrified if it were a question of mr van orden 's arresting me .
question no 61 by jyrki otila ( h-1101 / 98 )
( the sitting was closed at 8.30 p.m. )
‘ we should remember that the internal market programme is by far the greatest deregulatory exercise in recent history . ’
it is essential that the specific characteristics of these regions be taken into account , much more and much better than they are now , by the politicians in brussels , especially :
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on thursday 18 december 2008 .
when we are facing climate change , it is in the interests of the whole of europe to introduce ambitious prevention policies .
mr president , i wish to make five brief remarks. i support both reports as they are well written and cover the most important points .
i should like to reply briefly to three or four main themes which have cropped up in most of the speeches that we have just heard .
such outrageous actions violate the natural right to property and therefore should be condemned .
forwarding of texts adopted during the sitting : see minutes
the vote will take place tomorrow .
question no 45 by allan macartney ( h-0336 / 96 )
the next item is question time ( b6-0339 / 2005 ) .
mr knörr borràs , i have noted your intervention whose rightful place is in the context of the debate we have organised on the matter .
thank you very much , mrs riis-jørgensen. i regret to inform the members and commissioner bolkestein that this debate is suspended and will resume at 9.00 p.m.
21 . 2009 discharge : european foundation for the improvement of living and working conditions (
question no 3 by maría izquierdo rojo ( h-0863 / 97 )
the ec-moldova partnership and cooperation agreement was signed on 28 november 1994 , and since 2004 moldova has been covered by the european neighbourhood policy .
. the readmission agreements between the european community and third countries are of key importance to the european strategy to combat illegal immigration .
i am in a generous mood , commissioner , but go ahead .
the vote will take place tomorrow ( tuesday , 6 july 2010 ) .
the next item is the vote .
in reality , the treaty of amsterdam proposes an increase in the lack of democracy in europe. this is why we reject it .
mr president , i would like to voice a similar opinion. with regard to the resolution on russia , i voted for amendments 1 to 4 .
thank you , mrs grossetête , i think the reasons are now clear .
i have voted against sections of the resolution which deal with general vaccination and supported amendments which allow protective emergency vaccination , at the request of member states .
10. conclusions of the eu / russia summit ( 31 may - 1 june ) (
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
( b5-0567 / 2003 ) by bernd posselt and ilkka suominen , on behalf of the ppe-de group , on the end of the moratorium on the death penalty in the philippines ;
rapporteur . - madam president , i have two or three short technical , but important , points .
the next item is the vote .
i will end , mr president , by hoping that the content and pace of my speech have been as you requested , that is , on a human scale .
many of the proposals of a social nature in the report are good ones , for example more ' humane ' treatment of people in prison .
mr president , i am pleased to see that mr van baalen has returned to europe safely and that he was only expelled when he was already on the plane .
i would like to emphasize a few main points .
( pl ) madam president , commissioner , the collapse of the polish shipbuilding industry is necessary neither to poland nor to the european union. we therefore have to find a solution together .
composition of committees and delegations : see minutes
finally , my group was unable to support mr wijsenbeek 's amendment , which would have reopened the debate on weights and dimensions .
i should also like to stress that this must lead to the creation of a permanent structure for health monitoring .
thirdly , the coordinated offer and controlled use by the member states of the numerous programmes which you referred to and of funding mechanisms , under the supervision of the commission .
certainly , in committee we have worked well together across the groups and have produced compromise amendments that some of us can live with , some more easily than others .
i see there are many supporters here of that - that confirms my speech and the threat to our nation states !
i fully agree with mr casini 's report , as the transparency of political institutions is a fundamental condition of their legitimacy. this is why i have supported the proposal .
( fi ) madam president , it is a shocking and intolerable state of affairs that again , many innocent people have had to suffer in iraq on account of their religious beliefs .
amendments nos 13 and 18 are really matters for the commission rather than the council and they should be directed towards colleagues in the commission .
on behalf of the alde group . - madam president , first let me also extend my congratulations to you on your appointment and the conduct of your first debate .
mr president , thank you , mr papadimoulis , for your thorough work on this report .
commissioner byrne considers that , as his statement was read by commissioner monti , we can immediately start the debate at the end of which he will answer any questions .
so anything that can raise public awareness is useful and a step in the right direction .
i will end my speech here , mr president , and i hope the house can adopt the draft report tomorrow .
in writing . - this report is extremely important - to provide the marketplace with the certainty that it needs .
what are our demands as regards the establishment of an independent judiciary and of institutions that are transparent and accountable to their citizens ?
we need to re-establish confidence in the peace process ; and i hope that parliament will help to bring that about by adopting this resolution by a large majority .
mr president , this will not become the rule here in parliament , but in this case the european people 's party entirely agrees with the social democrat rapporteur .
( the sitting was suspended at 7.05 p.m. and resumed at 9.00 p.m. )
the vote will take place tomorrow at noon .
oral questions and written declarations ( submission ) : see minutes
this report merits my vote in favour .
therefore , whatever the commissioner 's reasons may have been , i certainly stand behind the ombudsman .
that will be recorded in the minutes .
subject : health risks for the population of athens from high concentrations of nitrogen dioxide and microparticulates
( fr ) presidents of the three institutions , i am going to concentrate solely on the re-launch of the constitutional process .
colleagues , it makes no difference ; we will continue the votes anyway after the president has spoken .
( el ) mr president , last week turkey made a ' diplomatic move ' by agreeing to open a port and an airport for trade with the republic of cyprus .
i would like to call for exemptions and lower requirements in terms of capital in the case of bilateral derivatives , especially for smes .
we shall now hear the opinions of the political groups. please bear in mind that the members ’ speaking time is restricted .
the vote will be taken today at 12 noon .
as chairman of the marseilles tourist office , i have heard tell of practices of this kind and of the anxiety of some of the professionals involved .
( the president cut the speaker off )
one , to have an eu immigration policy based upon human rights and mutual benefit with countries from which migratory flows originate .
question no 26 by per gahrton ( h-0365 / 99 )
. we have produced such a document and i shall gladly send a copy of it to the honourable member .
finally , i should like to note once again that , sadly , one billion euros ' worth of tobacco subsidies still go up in carcinogenic smoke .
22. corrigenda ( new rule 204a of parliament 's rules of procedure ) ( vote )
with the roll-call vote tomorrow , we will see who supports europe and european citizenship , free movement and citizens ' rights without discrimination , and who does not .
it does not make a big difference , but we prefer the original sequence , and therefore we oppose this shifting of paragraph 30 .
question no 17 by sir jack stewart-clark ( h-0015 / 97 ) :
annex – position of the commission
that was one of the amendments i missed out because i thought time was getting on a bit. we can accept amendment no 23 .
i note that lithuania is making good progress to meeting both the copenhagen criteria and meeting the obligations of the acquis communautaire .
the next item is the commission communication on the sustainable development strategy .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
are they really going to hunt roma down in italian streets ? will europe continue watching as a silent accomplice ?
( it ) mr president , europe , too , has noticed that the italian opposition has become delirious , imagining things that do not exist .
on the other hand , i believe that the words of the mep from euskal herritarrok are a disgrace .
there is no great difference between the expressed sympathies of the members and the response of the presidency .
on behalf of the alde group . - madam president , can i , too , add my congratulations to mr scottà on his report .
the bottom line is that , in our view , the 2008 work programme is a disappointing document in which the commission falls far short of its own proclamations .
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
commissioner , it is certain that the 125 million euros that there were for chapter iv , obviously aimed at morocco , are not going to be used as planned .
he next item is question time ( b5-0002 / 2004 ) . the following questions are addressed to the commission .
despite the progress at doha , as far as patent rules are concerned , the story is far from over .
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see minutes
the vote will take place at 12 noon .
seven years later , following an external assessment of the eucpn , the conclusion was that there was much room for improvement in the way the institution works .
mr president , i apologize for being delayed. i was held up by an interview on this report and my watch was wrong .
mr verhofstadt and mr prodi , of course we understand why you are obliged to leave the house at this point .
the danish social democrats are abstaining from the vote .
we have to encourage them to negotiate a package of constitutional modifications and improvements , preferably to be agreed before the constitutional court issues its decision .
. the main proposals in this report bring into question three fundamental values of the european democracies .
it is essential therefore for the commission to reconsider the scale of allocation of resources and it would be appropriate , moreover , to provide for rules with regard to co-financing .
[ 10419 / 1 / 2001 - c5-0417 / 2001 - 2000 / 0188 ( cod ) ] ( rapporteur : mrs niebler )
i will now move on to deal with the oral question put by karl-heinz florenz , chairman of the committee on environment , public health and food safety .
mr president , i should like to join with you in condemning these atrocious attacks on the jewish synagogues in istanbul .
by not voting on a resolution on the death of the russian journalist anna politkovskaya today , this parliament is , i believe , making a political and human mistake .
finally i should like to thank you for your very clear support and repeat the commission 's promise in its respect .
there you are , mr president , i have taken more than a minute but less than 11 minutes and i thank you for your understanding .
ladies and gentlemen , chairs , please listen carefully .
1. civilian measures to restrict and control the influence of the military in turkey ;
i also tabled amendment no 2 , but i hereby withdraw it so obviously i shall not dwell on it. that just leaves amendment no 1 from me .
what is required is pluralistic debate in which the political forces can take part on a level playing field .
i shall refrain from drawing any conclusion about what i have just said. i only ask you to consider it in your subsequent decisions .
( the president cut off the speaker . )
we are united in our opposition to violations of human rights. we cannot permanently connect this , however , to the question of the integrity of the peoples ' republic of china !
debates on cases of breaches of human rights , democracy and the rule of law
– i have received a motion for a resolution ( 1 ) to wind up the debate in accordance with rule 108 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure .
finally , can i thank and congratulate mrs fontaine and mrs cresson on their continued enthusiasm for this programme .
can the commission comment on whether this is a breach of eu competition rules ?
in addition the commission is pursuing the objective of promoting the greater competitiveness of europe 's defence industry in close cooperation with national authorities and industry representatives .
there are also areas within european agriculture that are not covered by any regime , such as the situation in the pig industry and the situation in the poultry industry .
subject : community co-financed projects and siemens ' slush funds
thank you , mr wynn , i cannot answer you right now , but i will have the matter investigated .
( it ) madam president , ladies and gentlemen , we must consider the statement that enlargement will be a factor of stability very carefully .
therefore , fellow members , achieving economic , social and territorial cohesion , along with strategic investments , is the absolute prerequisite for guaranteeing the european union 's economic competitiveness globally .
finally , mr president , despite that one reservation , i would like to express , on behalf of my group , our support for the graenitz report .
- before the vote on recital h
i believe that parliament , as you said , commissioner , can pride itself on having given this draft regulation a respectable social complexion .
that is why great care is needed in order to secure financial assistance so that the agency can perform its new duties .
mr manzella , i will put your request to the president .
mr president , i should like to thank the rapporteur , mr ó neachtain , and to welcome the commissioner here .
the order of business is thus adopted .
mr nicolaï , president-in-office of the council , has the floor .
formal sitting - award of the 2006 sakharov prize
the eu wine sector needs policies that lead to the strengthening , improvement and promotion of the competitiveness of european wine on an increasingly demanding international stage .
promotional activities : improving the way in which consumers are informed , initiating awareness campaigns in order to maintain confidence in ecolabelling , using european funds
i put the request from the green group to the vote .
thank you , mrs hardstaff. the request to close the debate will now be put to the vote .
if this year has taught us nothing else , it is that politics - and politics alone - can create prospects for peace in the middle east .
and , on top of this , we are delivering framework programme 7 on time .
mr president , i would like to congratulate both the rapporteur and the commissioner for the work the two of them have done in relation to europe-japan relations .
i would like to conclude by stressing once again how deeply grateful the commission is for the parliament 's support and for its very dedicated presence in delhi itself .
thank you very much , mr commissioner van den broek .
the new berlusconi government is now blocking one of the central posts in the new olaf. i would be grateful if we could all pull together on this one .
madam president , i should like to congratulate my colleague , mrs roth-behrendt. she has drawn up a balanced report based on common sense .
so much for the ' negative ' aspects of a report , which otherwise delivers a eulogy to the ecb 's activities in the guise of an analysis .
transportation of horses for slaughter in the european union ( written declaration )
the proposals for a ' health check ' of the cap constitute a new attack on small and medium-sized farmers .
i am sorry , mr seppänen , but that is not a point of order and i therefore cannot let you go on .
what future do we want to give it ?
fourthly , we need to better monitor the mandatory notification of irregularities by the member states. the lack of reports from spain and france is particularly odd in this regard .
straight anti-americanism would be too narrow an approach , but we must still call upon the united states to keep to the rules that we all agreed upon .
based on this very positive background of broad agreement between parliament and the commission , let me make some introductory comments on the three specific issues .
i am requesting the floor for a point of order , if you will allow me , although i have no intention of taking up any debating time .
i would point out that the budget procedure offers us a very practical way of ensuring that these promises are carried out to the letter .
i now give the floor to the rapporteur , mrs ryynänen , for five minutes .
why then did i abstain on the motion as a whole ?
i declare the session of the european parliament adjourned .
i have voted in favour of the report by mr graça moura on multilingualism as an asset for europe and a shared commitment .
what did happen was that three people
. mr president , ladies and gentlemen .
we regret that the swedish social democratic government , despite its obligations under the treaty , has not devoted its efforts to bringing sweden into this group .
commissioner , i listened to your introductory speech carefully and have tried to understand what lies at the heart of our differences .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i voted in favour of mr lehtinen 's report on the social responsibility of subcontracting undertakings in production chains .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
lastly , i welcome the call , also agreed in conciliation , for member states to guarantee that these directives can be implemented using mechanisms that are effective , accessible and transparent .
mr president , i would like to say firstly that this is a very appropriate time to discuss the framework for fiscal policy within our economic and monetary union .
i will take up this matter while at the same time bearing in mind the need to recognise the separation of powers between the political and judicial authorities .
we will check on the information that you were given , commissioner. in my book an attractive woman is always allowed to be late .
it is for these reasons that we are unable to vote in favour of the common position on the new directive on gmos .
the eu 's global responsibility is the final main topic of the danish presidency .
our group supports mrs fraga estévez ' s report and mr gallagher ' s report .
mr president , i too would like to congratulate the rapporteur on his report and also to pay tribute to commissioner flynn for his involvement in this whole area .
ogłaszam wznowienie sesji parlamentu europejskiego przerwanej w czwartek , 15. września 2011 r .
the vote will take place at 12 noon .
9. veterinary checks in intra-community trade ( codified version ) (
subject : starting date for third road safety action plan
mr president , i formally contest the way you have proceeded .
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
property owners who have lost out through collusion between property developers and the local authorities in valencia must be properly compensated .
mr president , last week , some of us were given a demonstration of how the documents are now available .
thank you very much , mr president of the commission .
. we are now leaving the original question on sugar production in ireland. however , i would like to give you ...
secondly , speculative capital is extremely difficult to identify .
( the president cut off the speaker )
we shall carry out the necessary technical checks straight away , because you do also speak dutch .
( mixed reactions ) ... with all the excitement going on , would like some clarification as to what parliament ' s position is .
28. sector of berries and cherries intended for processing ( vote )
( the sitting was suspended at 5.27 p.m. and resumed at 6 p.m. )
the next item is the joint debate on
12. review conference of the rome statute of the international criminal court in kampala , uganda (
i will conclude by stressing that there is also a need to maintain levels of social protection in these difficult times , above all , for the most vulnerable europeans .
lastly , madam president , those of us on the committee on industry , research and energy would like to congratulate the rapporteur on his work and on his appointment .
i would now like to ask mr cohn-bendit to speak on this .
preparation of the employment summit - european globalisation adjustment fund - renewed social agenda - active inclusion of people excluded from the labour market ( debate )
i have today chosen for two main reasons to vote against the own-initiative report on an information and communication strategy on the euro and economic and monetary union .
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for motions for resolutions :
i see volunteering as a form of renewable energy and consequently support the rapporteur 's recommendation that 2011 be declared the european year of volunteering .
to conclude the debate , i have received motions for a resolutionfrom five political groups pursuant to rule 103 ( 2 ) .
two points are crucial : the method of production and consumer confidence towards products thanks to traceability from the breeding farms to the consumer 's plate .
1. iraq - in particular , the death penalty ( including the case of tariq aziz ) and attacks against christian communities (
madam president , it is a pleasure to see you in the chair , presiding efficiently over us .
finally , i want an assurance of zero tolerance towards sexual abuse , exploitation and use of prostitutes who are victims of trafficking .
eu cooperation in the social field should concentrate on the following four areas : jobs and unemployment , reducing exclusion and poverty , curbing discrimination and social dumping , and strengthening equality .
now there is political will and there are also the means to support these reforms , because political reforms will not be capable of being carried out without economic reforms .
finally , it is important to note that the report contains some confusion about the concepts of consultancy and accountancy , by creating get-out clauses and opportunities to escape providing information .
( the president cut off the speaker )
the next item is the vote .
( the sitting was closed at 10.45 p.m. )
mr president , anyone who has had the privilege of visiting sri lanka is profoundly affected by the warmth and generous spirit of its people .
mr president , i would like to make one or two supplementary points to what has been already said by my colleague mrs breyer .
questions 50 , 52 and 53 will be answered in writing .
the european union 's foreign and justice ministers discussed the issue on 22 february and 25 february respectively and supported the continuation of diplomatic efforts .
the vote will take place tomorrow , 19 june 2007 .
in addition , the european parliament decided that research capacity in all the regions of europe must be released if a genuine european research area is to be created .
such a reaction to the treaty by the citizens is due to disinformation rather than to ill-will .
member of the commission . - ( fr ) mr president , the commission commends the efforts made by the european parliament in drafting this report , and will actively examine its conclusions .
that is a purely technical amendment and will be taken into account .
these sorts of problems are too big for the nation state - any nation state - to solve on its own .
mr president , honourable members , i would like to thank you for the open debate on this sensitive subject .
the solution for 2007 and for breaking the deadlock is to have the imagination to invent flexible , refundable and discountable customs duties , that is to say , deductible customs duties .
the issue raises societal problems , which advise us strongly to ban animal cloning for food , as well as the import of cloned animals and their offspring .
– we wish the european team a rich haul of medals in 2012 .
i have no knowledge of this , but we shall look into the matter .
review of the european neighbourhood policy - eastern dimension
i give you the floor , mr president .
the next item is the joint debate on the following debates :
mr habsburg , may i remind you that , as is the custom , our agenda was adopted in strasbourg .
the next item is the statements from the council and commission on the joint removals of irregular migrants to afghanistan and other third countries .
madam president , it was good to see the commissioner in ljubljana at the opening of acer. i think it is good news for our colleagues .
you have jumped ahead rather , but we are still on the minutes. that being the case , we will be able to save time later on .
this diagnosis provides sufficient material to consider what still needs to be done , and our conclusion is that there is a great deal still to be done .
i have therefore voted against this report .
the next item is the joint debate on
we now continue with the vote .
i have received six motions for a resolution pursuant to rule 103 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
some say that we are not ambitious enough. i disagree. the commission ’ s revised sds provides a new political drive for sustainable policies that apply to all policy areas .
section viii ( a ) - european ombudsman
the vote will take place today at 12 : 00 .
they also take into account the fact that single-parent families could be the result of personal choice and in the same way need a strong support structure .
– mr president , ladies and gentlemen , commissioner lamy and commissioner fischler , i would like to pick up on two brief comments that the two commissioners made this morning .
i am therefore promoting the creation of a code of ethics for retailers and producers of video games .
the vote will take place shortly .
i naturally welcome the transparency and , to use the word of the court of auditors , the reliability , of the accounts for the financial year .
thank you , mr hänsch , for that constructive contribution .
the next item is the debate on six motions for resolutions on the subject of eritrean refugees held hostage in sinai .
4 ) the deadline of 2002 should be set for equipping schools with computers and enabling students to access the internet .
the commission 's proposal and the committee 's proposals for amendments improve and expand upon the existing council directive 91 / 671 / eec of 16 december 1991 :
i believe that clear notice must be given to the italian government at european level to halt the acts of discrimination against romanian immigrants .
lessons to be drawn for nuclear safety in europe following the nuclear accident in japan
in writing . - ( fr ) this report by the european parliament is a step in the right direction .
we now come to the vote on a request for urgent procedure .
12. mobilising the solidarity fund of the european union (
i would like to thank the house for its patience in listening to my explanations of votes .
you prove in the most striking manner , however , that the nation state is by far the only viable and reliable framework within which to organise solidarity and social protection .
i should like , if i may , to focus my attention on the report by mr guellec on the role of territorial cohesion in regional development .
will the commission agree to submit the agreement on china 's wto accession to this parliament 's assent even if the igc has not yet been concluded ?
the vote on this motion for a resolution will take place on wednesday .
( the president cut off the speaker )
president of the commission . - commissioner malmström cannot prejudge what parliament 's vote will be. she is perfectly aware of that .
the decision on this matter was taken at the conference of presidents and it is binding on us so we will proceed .
the debates on cases of breaches of human rights , democracy and the rule of law are closed .
subject : initiatives in favour of smes
that the agreement will seriously jeopardize the interests of european investors in cuba ;
( the sitting was suspended at 1 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
b5 ­ 0363 / 2001 by ms sauquillo pérez del arco and ms carlotti , on behalf of the pse group , on the repressive action against students by the ethiopian police ;
mr president , the estimate of the european parliament 's next year 's expenditure has been drawn up most professionally. my thanks to mr tomlinson .
action taken on parliament 's positions and resolutions : see minutes
moreover , the information service for workers and pensioners about their right to a pension should be regulated throughout europe , to enhance it in every possible way .
i draw your attention to the project , christened ' vasco de gama ' , that the maritime regions have launched , and i thank mrs meissner for having taken it into account .
the european union must actively support these advocates of peace .
the vote will be at noon .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11.30 a.m.
mr president , mr brok 's endeavours are indeed commendable , and i wish to thank him for his speech , in which he provided some very useful explanations .
delegated acts ( rule 87a ) : see minutes
oral questions and written declarations ( submission ) : see minutes
i am full of confidence concerning what the commissioner has said so far and look forward to his winding-up remarks .
mrs garcía arias wishes to speak on a point of order .
subject : opening of dialogue in cuba
the eligibility [ for costs to be covered ] of transport within each outermost region , in order to address the problem of geographical fragmentation , as in the case of the azores .
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
you have one minute in all and not for each point of order .
it emphasises the need to have legislation in place , in case no agreement is reached with the car industry .
( the president cut off the speaker )
although solar energy should be encouraged , photovoltaic modules contain materials that are at least as harmful to the environment as an electric toothbrush .
b5-0076 / 2002 by mr marset compos and mr cossutta on behalf of the confederal group of the european united left / nordic green left ,
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , please excuse me and accept my thanks for your patience .
as the rapporteur points out , this is an inappropriate and unnecessary proposal , which breaches the european convention for the protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms .
( sk ) much has already been said in the debate today , so i will try to restrict myself to just a few issues , as i only have one minute .
the next item is the commission statement on the progress of sis ii and vis .
– i have received 6 motions for a resolution in accordance with rule 103 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure ( 1 ) .
mr president , i would like to make three comments .
i do not think ethiopia deserves to become the latest african basket case. so i would plead with all parties to persevere with the negotiation process .
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
thank you , mrs terrón i cusí. we take note of your request. there is no doubt that an intelligent building must show intelligence throughout .
i voted against the motion for a resolution on kosovo , because i disagree with several points contained in it .
in a world obsessed by short-term benefits and security , we cannot lower our guard when it comes to defending our universal rights .
we must not lose hope that , respecting the decisions of the danish people , you will also be fully committed to european integration. that would be good for everybody .
thank you very much , mrs colombo svevo .
i am happy to give my support to this report which calls for our attention to be more focused on preserving the biodiversity of our natural environment .
the next item is question time ( b5-0018 / 01 ) . we will examine questions to the council .
( es ) we are currently undergoing a process of political realism. we are not entirely pleased with the mandate , but we feel that it shows political realism .
for all these reasons , i shall support the gargani amendments , which i have co-signed .
do you not believe that the commission ’ s policy , which i consider to be at times ambiguous , might endanger the important , if not unique , instrument of european commercial policy ?
we also urge the commission to regularly inform the european parliament on the position drafting process for serbia 's application for eu membership .
to conclude , madam president , i believe that parliament ought to vote for this programme because it will contribute directly towards improving the health of european citizens .
i should like to welcome mr van den broek and ask him to reply to mr titley 's question .
the greens will vote in favour of this resolution .
. i welcome this third annual report by the governor of the european central bank , mr duisenberg .
global warming is not a figment of the imagination of a few publicity-seeking scientists and politicians ; it is a reality that we must now come to terms with .
the vote will take place today at 12.00 .
we do not have the right to mislead the consumer by using the name ' chocolate ' to designate products which are not necessarily made from cocoa .
mr kellett-bowman , that was not the subject of the discussion but of course we will raise it and consider it .
the eib operations in support of the union 's external policies must continue to be conducted in accordance with the principles of sound banking practices .
mr president , i would just like to remind the house that this is the amendment concerning the unified sports programme for the special olympics .
23 . 2007 discharge : european railway agency (
( the president established that there was not a quorum )
' deplores the expected spillover effects to other sectors of the economy , therefore ... '
- the parliamentary group i belong to is leaning towards voting against mr prodi .
i have received no letter from the president-in-office , which confirms my worst suspicions about the obsessive secretiveness of the council .
according to what a number of members have said , the european parliament had a big day on tuesday .
mr president , mr atkins ' report raises a number of real problems in the development of the air travel system in europe .
mr president , i have a very simple question. maybe this is an interpretation problem , but you said that the current ukrainian government rejected future membership of the european union .
we now come to question 17 by ms matera , who is sitting in position 666. it does not suit you !
mr president , our group fully supports the proposal .
( de ) mr president , this has been discussed with the groups. i will read the text out briefly in english :
i should simply like to confirm our intention to examine the matter fully .
that is why it is important for the commission that the european parliament should be able to vote in favour of the emergency procedure on these two issues .
mr caudron , mrs mcnally is reading your mind .
( parliament rejected the motion for a resolution )
by way of conclusion , i look forward to a rapid adoption of the proposed directive to ensure that no difficulties are encountered in the sectors concerned .
i voted against the motion on echelon because , in my view :
( fr ) madam president , the commission 's decision to cut the funding for this food distribution programme so drastically does need to be challenged .
mr president , i enthusiastically support mrs lalumière 's report and i pay tribute to her ability and perceptiveness .
finally , we must remind turkey that its association with europe implies respect for the same values and principles which unite the countries within the union .
mr president , five years after the first commission proposal was submitted , the european parliament is at last able to deal with the common position at second reading .
i voted in favour of mrs müller 's report and i should like to highlight the quality of the work done by our rapporteur .
in the meantime , we must continue to apply the existing methods and procedures and reject any amending budget or transfer for which there is no urgent requirement .
the uk presidency still has six weeks to bring its work to a close , and i hope it will be able to leave a positive message for tomorrow ’ s europe .
' the basque parliament expresses its firm belief that political dialogue is necessary to resolve conflicts .
debates on cases of breaches of human rights , democracy and the rule of law ( announcement of motions for resolutions tabled ) : see minutes
by way of conclusion , let me highlight the huge environmental policy benefits associated with enlargement ; the result will be a better environment for the whole of europe .
mr president , i should like to start by thanking the rapporteur , mrs brepoels , on her excellent work on the proposal being debated .
the second factor is the insufficiency of domestic demand and private consumption , which limit our capacity for growth .
we have here with us today observers from cyprus , the czech republic , estonia , hungary , latvia , lithuania , malta , poland , slovakia and slovenia .
at this point , i would like to thank everyone for their participation in the setting up of this programme .
differential treatment for non-residents has been a distorting factor. maybe some people have an aversion to the word ' harmonisation ' . but fiscal coordination and coherence are an absolute minimum requirement .
the commission cannot accept the following amendments : 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 and 9 .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 9 a.m.
first of all , following an incident this morning in the chamber , mr schulz wishes to make a personal statement .
did i understand you correctly , mrs wulf-mathies ? did you say this document would be available by the end of the month , that is to say by monday ?
the vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m. , except on the situation in iraq , as agreed .
because what is in the process of being done today is too easy. it is too easy .
nicole , speaking as your friend , i would like to thank you very deeply .
3. resettlement of guantánamo prisoners ( vote )
– mr fernández martín and mr salafranca sánchez-neyra , on behalf of the group of the european people ’ s party ( christian democrats ) and european democrats , on venezuela ( b5-0123 / 2004 ) ;
after several amendment battles , we achieved significant progress , particularly in securing the exclusion of pilotage and mooring services from the scope of the directive .
however , i fear that radical change promised by some in this review will result in another lost opportunity for our fishing industry and our fish stocks .
( it ) mr president , ladies and gentlemen , we need not be afraid of stating the place of origin of the products that we , our families and all citizens consume .
for this reason , commissioner , i urge you to take decisive action here , to impose sanctions and to actively ensure that the commission 's directives are complied with .
i thank you , commissioner kuneva. i believe that this measure is a very positive one as far as the internal market is concerned .
i would , however , like to draw your attention today to another problem. this is a problem that is rarely mentioned when discussing broad prophylactic measures .
i do not think the commissioner failed to hear the question. he probably did not want to answer !
investing in pre-school , primary and secondary education is a basic requirement to minimise the risk of social exclusion and ensure higher levels of employment and better pay .
in view of these decisions by parliament , i have decided to vote against the report and the resolution .
madam president , i have three points to make .
checks on the transport of dangerous goods by road
mr president , i would also like to ask to be allowed to make a personal statement under article 145 at the end of the debate .
secondly , no impact assessment has been done on this legislation which i find outrageous due to the serious implications it could have on the agriculture sector .
ladies and gentlemen , thank you for your company .
i shall now put to the vote amendment no 11 tabled by the ppe group. this involves removing the words we have been talking about .
firstly , the commission will always remain responsible for what happens. it would be unacceptable if certain tasks were to be delegated to another executive agency on a discretionary basis .
that is why i have tabled an amendment which i would ask you to support , calling for these rights to be re-established as quickly as possible .
does the german presidency support this manifesto and if so how will it work to ensure its effective implementation throughout the eu ?
( el ) mr president , i think that we should recognise three positive elements in the course of the reforms initiated by the lisbon cycle to date :
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
( the sitting was closed at 11.10 p.m. )
but , while welcoming these agreements , i nevertheless share with the rapporteur a number of concerns. i would just like to express three this evening .
the truth is specific. allow me to be specific .
we have done so by fulfilling our commitments in relation to the trade-related assistance pledged in 2005 , rather than by ' pillaging ' the edf .
this will stimulate and is stimulated by the supply side , by enabling the widespread availability and use of multi-platform and secure broadband .
this time there is ample evidence beforehand of security service interference and a massive practice of non-admittance or of fake local party lists to confuse voters .
mr president , i should like to congratulate my colleagues mr gil-robles gil-delgado and mr tsatsos for the report they have presented to us today .
the minutes from yesterday 's sitting have been distributed .
( loud , sustained applause from the centre and from the right , protests from the left )
thank you , commissioner , for your additional intervention .
let me say first , however , that this debate is proof that maritime policy matters. i would like to congratulate the rapporteur , mrs meissner , on this very fine report .
the new system for the radio spectrum is intended to promote investment in new infrastructures and allow all citizens to have broadband access .
the vote will take place at the end of this afternoon 's debates .
thank you very much , commissioner .
minister , i have two minutes in which to address you .
subject : revision of the medium-term social action programme
mr president , i know ms de keyser 's position on this and i respect it. it is more than i received from her in relation to my view .
please allow me next to make a statement relating to the events we have witnessed this summer .
as the first part has been rejected , i suspect the second and third parts should fall. can you help us on that , mr hökmark ?
ireland voted against the european union , and so against the treaty of lisbon. the eu needs to examine the reasons for this itself .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i would like to congratulate the rapporteur and the various political groups on their excellent work on this report , which i fully support .
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i would like to present the guidelines for other sections and the european parliament 's preliminary draft estimates for 2005 .
this objection does not detract from the fact that i give the rapporteur , mrs peijs , all credit for her thoroughness in this matter .
multifunctional agriculture must enable us to combine market management and management of rural areas and enable farms across the current and enlarged union to exist and be viable .
madam president , we have had an administrative procedure and we now await your petition which will be examined at length .
( the sitting was opened at 9.35 a.m. )
the second point about regional development is also self-evident. tensions are apparent at the level of global politics .
with brussels , with luxembourg , the european parliament spreads its activities between three places of work. we accept this unusual arrangement as a legacy of history .
furthermore , of the 27 countries in europe , only 3 currently have measures in place for the possible implementation of pnr. where is the pressure to harmonise pnr legislation now ?
. – mr president , i am particularly obliged to the rapporteur , mr takkula , for his commitment , which goes to the very heart of the eu .
– mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i am of course in favour of doubling the eu budgetary resources allocated to research .
( the president declared the common position approved as amended )
the next item is the statement by josé manuel barroso , president of the european commission , on the presentation of the commission work programme for 2011 .
but , madam president , i insist , no 425 has just voted. the light went on. there is something wrong with our electronic voting system .
the charter must be binding upon the member states when applying or transposing provisions of community law .
motion for a resolution ( b5-0414 / 2000 ) by ms ahern and others , on safety problems at british nuclear fuels ' sellafield site
paragraph 28 calls for funding for transnational political parties. we oppose this .
the vote will take place at the end of the debate .
anyone from ireland will know that an accumulator is a bet on a horse race !
in writing . - we support any and all efforts to empower citizens , communities and civil society organisations with regard to political decision-making processes , including the eu .
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
the vote will take place on thursday at 12.00 p.m.
i shall speak on amendment no 1 .
president-in-office of the council . - ( fr ) mr president , i should like to make three comments before i turn to this debate , which has been extremely productive and exciting .
the vote will take place on wednesday at 12 noon .
mr president , i would firstly like to congratulate the rapporteur on the effort he has made to improve this report .
in the belief that life changes but never ends , let us pray that mr filip adwent and those closest to him enjoy eternal life .
mr president , mr president of the commission , the economic policy guidelines for the european union ’ s strategy are laid down in the constitutional treaty .
it also calls on all the eu member states to provide assistance to affected populations and to support the clearance and destruction of cluster munition remnants .
to conclude , the proposal on climate and energy has been collectively approved by the european commission as a whole , and is therefore supported by all its members .
despite being inadequate , the commission proposal makes a major contribution to resolving the problem of protecting self-employed workers with regard to health and safety at work .
member of the commission . - madam president , i would like again to congratulate all the committees that have been involved in the discussion and also in producing the reports .
secondly , if there is no agreement , then it is clear that the european union will have to act unilaterally ;
my report does not attack or harm so-called minority languages. it respects these and recognises their value , but it also tries to lay down general and basic principles .
we also think that it is important - as stated by mr titley in his speech - to include terrorism as an objective .
b5-0505 / 2001 by mrs malmström and others , on behalf of the group of the european liberal democrat and reform party ;
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
9. mobility and inclusion of people with disabilities (
all those who love europe must take this ' no ' from two of the founding peoples , two peoples who have always supported europe , very seriously indeed .
the approval of paragraph 13 of the report , originating from the adoption of mrs roth 's amendment , will be the cornerstone of my group 's support for this report .
( the president cut off the speaker . )
- by constantly upgrading the infrastructure of and action by educational institutes and research centres , given that the driving force behind development is the acquisition of knowledge by man ;
what is even more astonishing is that this same europe produces mad cows , sheep with scrapie and chickens containing dioxin and imports hormone-treated beef and genetically modified cereals .
thank you very much , madam commissioner bonino .
mr president , we have heard it said on numerous occasions during this debate that the draft amsterdam treaty fails to prepare the union 's institutions for enlargement .
the vote will take place on thursday at 11 a.m.
finland will continue with its participation in international cooperation relating to both the aim on a total ban and mine clearance .
the vote will take place tomorrow , thursday 13 october , at 11 a.m.
it would be convincing. maybe we could look at it like that - i know it is an unfair comparison - and perhaps we would come to another judgment .
1. eu policies in favour of human rights defenders (
( explanation of vote abbreviated in accordance with rule 170 of the rules of procedure )
no more idle talk , minister ! through the council , the european union needs to prove that it really exists !
i declare the 2004 / 2005 session of the european parliament closed .
today in plenary , we voted on the agriculture and international trade report .
mr president , i join with the previous speakers in extending a warm welcome to commissioner frattini and congratulating mr coelho , the rapporteur .
thank you , mr van den broek .
i must apologize , madam president , for giving such a lengthy answer .
support system for producers of arable crops
on behalf of the pse group . - ( nl ) on behalf of the pse group , a word of thanks to the rapporteurs , the commission 's officials and the slovenian presidency .
question no 26 by birgitta ahlqvist ( h-0259 / 96 ) , which has been taken over by mrs theorin
judicial reform , which began in 2009 , remains in many ways incomplete , but that requires systematic rectification .
mr schulz , we have noted your statement .
i hope slovenia will be in the first group of new members .
the third change parliament wants to see concerns the right to have data cancelled when it has been obtained or processed illegally .
within this context , the committee on development proposes that parliament give its assent , subject to ratification by the côte d 'ivoire of the stepping-stone epa .
we lay emphasis on the environment , but it is obvious that governments only want to hear about these commitments a lot further ahead .
since parliament ' s report seeks to establish benchmarks and curb the ambitions of the commission , we have abstained from voting on it .
statements by the council and the commission on the conclusions of the g8 summit ;
the under-spend of payment appropriations is one of the principal components in the final balance of the 2004 budget .
the next item is the report by mr lewandowski , on behalf of the committee on budgets , on parliament 's estimates of revenue and expenditure for the financial year 2009 .
mr president , the commission 's programme contains some worthy priorities : sustaining economic growth , preserving and creating jobs , improving energy efficiency and developing renewable energy sources .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
the greatest burden is now placed upon the countries of the east and south , which must receive the highest numbers of people applying for asylum .
then we also have the new chapter on employment , which will be implemented ahead of time , and the strengthening of the social provisions of the treaty .
3 ) the level of communication between the bodies implementing development aid policy and ngos is insufficient .
ladies and gentlemen , uncertainty is very expensive. therefore , let us vote ‘ yes ’ on thursday to the compromises that are on the table .
firstly , unlike mr schulz , i should like to say that the czech presidency under prime minister topolánek has so far been an excellent presidency .
we know that we will solve our energy problems through human ingenuity and science , but in an ethical and moral way .
to replace ' a special responsibility ' with ' an important role ' , so that it would read : ' which implies an important role for egypt ' .
well , this is impossible and we must say so from the start ; it calls for reform in the treaties and cannot be dealt with by the popular initiative .
madam president , let me first congratulate mrs oomen-ruijten on her report and also her cooperation throughout this time .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
4 ) that article 51 remain , stating that the eu must conduct a regular dialogue with churches and other religious communities and associations ;
i have received four motions for resolutions tabled in accordance with rule 115 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure .
implementing measures ( rule 88 ) : see minutes
b5-0346 / 2003 by mrs patricia mckenna , on behalf of the group of the greens / european free alliance , on cambodia ;
second , there needs to be a way to ensure that aid reaches those affected. unfortunately , this has not always been the case in the past .
5. mobilisation of the european globalisation adjustment fund : czech republic - unilever (
mr parvanov took office less than three weeks ago , and we are delighted that one of his first actions should be to visit the european parliament .
we now have no choice but to strictly obey our time limits .
this is hard work , mr president , for someone whose only regular contact with sheep is counting them .
. mr president , honourable members , given the limited time at my disposal i can only comment broadly on the spirit of the amendments tabled .
the commission cannot accept the following amendments : nos 3 , 6 , 8 , 9 and 12 .
the next item is the joint debate on twelve oral questions on mediterranean policy by the following members :
may i thank the many people who have helped me with this report and express the hope that it will be passed tomorrow without any dissension .
so i thank you for the very strong support here. we will come back on how to do these things .
– seventy per cent of organic products imported are imported under ' import licences ' .
they have a short space of time in which to implement these reforms , but accession in 2007 is still achievable , as long as they fulfil those important , outstanding commitments .
( the tabling of the oral amendment was rejected )
the vote will take place on wednesday at 11.30 a.m.
the vote will take place at 5.30 p.m.
( sec ( 2007 ) 1056 - c6 0390 / 2007 - ( sec ( 2007 ) 1055 - c6 0362 / 2007 - ,
thank you very much , commissioner de silguy .
8 . 2009 discharge : eighth , ninth and tenth european development funds ( edf ) (
let us continue together the strong political momentum , together with the council , to ensure that we all live up to our responsibilities .
the following questions are addressed to the commission .
. mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i am delighted to be taking part in your debate today on economic policy and employment policy .
subject : eu counter-terrorism policies and cia rendition
author . - mr president , it is great news that we have achieved the right number of signatures. thank you everyone for signing this written declaration .
the next item is the debate on six motions for resolutions on guinea .
the next item is the report ( a5-0077 / 2000 ) by mrs thyssen , on behalf of the committee on economic and monetary affairs , on draft guidelines on vertical restraints ( c5-0009 / 2000 - 2000 / 2003 ( cos ) ) .
finally , the point on coastal fisheries and small-scale fisheries is better addressed under the european fisheries fund , which will hopefully be adopted early in 2006 .
miss gill 's attitude has been and remains a disgrace. even now i hope she will soften her attitude , but i fear i will hope in vain .
b5-0436 / 2001 by pedro marset campos and others , on behalf of the gue / ngl group , on the compliance protocol for the biological and toxin weapons convention ;
the vote will take place during voting time .
a declaration relating to the system for decision-making in the council by a qualified majority that clarifies the actual ioannina safeguard mechanism ;
ladies and gentlemen , before the chamber lights are turned off , i have the pleasant task of thanking parliament 's services for their patient and efficient assistance .
in writing . - ( de ) i voted in favour of the promotion of environmentally friendly , energy-efficient vehicles in public invitations to tender .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 9.30 a.m.
i would nevertheless commend the report and of course the commission 's proposal to the house .
the vote will take place on tuesday .
i would ask this to be referred to the rules committee .
what progress has been made concerning the issue of council transparency and openness since the president-in-office of the council answered my question h-0567 / 05 ( 1 ) on the same subject ?
can the commission clarify what measures it intends to take in order to promote high-speed internet access throughout the territory of the european union , especially in rural areas ?
15. assisting developing countries in addressing food security challenges (
the vote will take place tomorrow , wednesday 12 december 2007 .
subject : influx of immigrants from the third world
we will check it and take the necessary measures .
protect democratic institutions and the civilian population from any terrorist attack ,
i am grateful to the hungarian representative for speaking italian and spanish ...
kyrgyzstan ( motions for resolutions tabled ) : see minutes
the commission contributed to and promoted a deeply reactionary constitutional treaty , which will create new ordeals for the workers .
mr president , i wish to thank the rapporteur for highlighting some of the main concerns raised by the commission 's proposal .
now then , since the large screen is not working , i will read out the numbers , if that is all right. this will be a better solution for you .
perhaps the commissioner can reassure that the latter is not the case at all and that my fears are utterly unfounded .
as part of the stability and growth pact , the european commission and council must closely monitor member states for macroeconomic imbalances .
thank you , mr cashman , for sharing this information .
these 10 requirements can be summarised in just two : greater payments and aid for our fishermen , and sanctions for offenders .
i am sorry , mrs oomen-ruijten. the rules of procedure are very clear : if 32 or more members object to an oral amendment , then it cannot be accepted .
i shall look into that , mr florio .
during this debate - for the first time and on an exceptional basis - we will have simultaneous interpreting from irish into all of the official languages .
( pl ) mr president , may i first of all express my approval of the court 's report , which confirms the consistency of its work .
( the sitting was opened at 10 a.m. )
11. consumer confidence in the digital environment ( vote )
there is some concern in northern ireland that the actual disallowance rate has been levied on a very small level of sporadic inspections .
one share , one vote - proportionality between ownership and control in eu listed companies ( debate )
madam president , president of the commission , this is a vital document for the future and fate of europe .
report ( a5-0392 / 2001 ) by schmidt , on behalf of the committee on economic and monetary affairs , on the eib annual report for 2000 ( c5-0541 / 2001 - 2001 / 2218 ( cos ) )
thank you very much for your great cooperation with parliament , mr bolkestein .
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions on the situation in guinea-bissau :
question no 35 by joan vallvé ( h-0865 / 98 )
forest fires in the union -b4-0827 / 98 by the ppe group
question no 30 by hugh mcmahon ( h-0872 / 97 )
the next item is the vote on topical and urgent subjects of major importance .
we shall examine a whole series of questions to the council .
thank you very much , madam president-in-office. that reply ends this debate .
equally unacceptable to me is point 2 of the conclusions of the foreign relations council of 11 october , which i believe once again displays blatant double standards .
mr president , i wish to begin by thanking the rapporteur .
the danger is now that we will see our health system drift towards the american model ( risk selection , exclusion , individualization ) . health cannot be considered a lucrative market .
we can now move on to considering the motion for a resolution .
let us bring the citizens ' initiative to life. let us judge the regulation in the long term , as this will obviously allow us to develop its mechanism .
mrs sudre , the purely legal issue here is about whether we can vote on the substance of this motion on thursday .
the next item is question time ( b5-0329 / 2001 ) . we shall examine questions to the council .
by recognising the true value of languages like portuguese that are widely used around the world , the resolution has provided a better balance and greater strategic value .
with regard to the other areas , we cannot accept airports being definitively excluded. we can only accept proposals being tabled later on these matters .
( the sitting was suspended at 1.05 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
( the president cut off the speaker )
i wonder how we can make any progress , with the prospect of reduced research spending .
mr president , this is also covered by my earlier statement .
it is necessary to define the criteria for high quality liquid assets ;
absolutely. i remember that too. that will be corrected .
now , after having encouraged intensive farming , they are trying to ' boost ' extensive rearing and ' organic farming ' .
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see minutes
however , that does not mean that we are not allowed to express our opinions or table any proposals through the open coordination method , which may entail revision .
i hope that the negotiations on this directive can be brought to a satisfactory conclusion .
i will be voting in favour of this report , which highlights the serious consequences of the prevailing economic and financial system .
the same applies , on the other side of the world , to our japanese friends .
i have no confidence , given the irish government 's failure to date , that they will reach the standards set .
coordination within the commission is essential to improving the effectiveness of aid and , to this end , the different instruments must have one broad aim and one overall strategy .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , we have just had a request for everyone to quieten down a bit. perhaps certain members could comply with that request .
i therefore voted for the motion in order to prevent safety criteria being applied to clothes .
many thanks , mr president. once again , i congratulate all the speakers and in particular the rapporteur , mr florenz , on the work carried out .
in my view , the intervention by nato demonstrated several things quite clearly .
subject : cost of motor vehicles and vehicle insurance in ireland
the next item is the presentation by the commission of the preliminary draft general budget for the financial year 2000 .
i have received six motions for resolutions on this issue in accordance with rule 37 of the rules of procedure .
i therefore voted against the report .
i shall enquire and provide you with an answer , mr audy .
the suggestion to increase the minimum price to eur 3 000 is an improvement. anything lower would seriously hamper budding artists .
i take note of the commission communication on the future of the textiles and clothing sector in the european union .
because we think that the process of european integration warrants a genuine democratic public debate , there can be no political construction of europe without social rights or democracy .
we demand that the stability pact be reconsidered and article 56 of the treaty be rewritten in order to bring the ecb under democratic control .
2. discovering the financing sources for terrorist acts and transnational political and financial networks .
many thanks for your report - we shall be supporting it .
we have now finished voting .
we should like once again to state that it is a common peace policy with a common system for the prevention of conflicts that we need in europe .
i just hope that we get the chance to rise to this challenge .
mr president , i wish to inform you that we have withdrawn amendment 14 to recital q .
i hope and desire that on this occasion the draft produced by our vice-president , georgios anastassopoulos , will become reality .
( the president cut the speaker off )
the vote will take place on thursday , 29 november 2007 .
without financial solidarity and the transfer of technology , we will not see the progress which we all need .
i wish to congratulate the rapporteur for forcing the commission to re-examine its position. i hope that these architects will now belatedly be given the rights that are theirs .
i am grateful to the commissioner for her answer but i would like to ask a couple of specific questions .
yes , mr telkämper , i will certainly do that , and i think the council should indeed be present .
we shall now proceed to the votes .
i also welcome the focus on behalf of the applicant countries. they will have much to offer to the development of our social policy agenda .
in the meantime the greek authorities have informed me that mr kranidiotis is replaced by mrs anna karamanou with effect from 6 february 1997 .
arms exports ( code of conduct ) ( debate )
that is a very interesting point of view .
i hope that the european union will stand by its basic values. it is important to support independent , democratic israel and its right to exist .
in particular , the co-financing instrument for development measures by ngos has assumed growing qualitative and quantitative importance .
i would urge all members and political groups of this parliament to support this. i believe it is an excellent report .
that is precisely the question which i was attempting to answer. let me repeat that it is a subject of the utmost , the very utmost gravity .
questions which have not been answered for lack of time will receive written answers ( see annex ) .
approval of minutes of previous sitting
texts of agreements forwarded by the council : see minutes
i think this is fundamental , and it is a substantial change from the lisbon strategy .
mr president , you will not be surprised that , as a british conservative , i am going to sound a slightly discordant note in these otherwise harmonious proceedings .
of course this can be done. the letter is by no means confidential .
the vote will take place now .
immigration - legal migration - policy priorities in the fight against illegal immigration of third-country nationals ( debate )
the vote will be taken tomorrow at 11.30 a.m.
in short , this package of legislation is opening up a new era of commitment to environmental quality of such size and scope ...
what should we do in the european union to find an adequate response to the challenges posed by the global economy ?
subject : crisis management policy to deal with high prices on the market
when a society like turkey experiences fundamental political changes , it is rarely the case that there is always full clarity or a direction amidst events .
the next item is the joint debate on the
as has been said , nigeria is too big and important a country , both within africa and globally , to be marginalized .
i have received five motions for resolutions
why are they not allowed to make use of forms e301 and e303 to transfer unemployment entitlements ?
mr president , the basic philosophy behind the treaty of nice is how to strengthen the unifying policy of integration and do more for european monopolies .
i would therefore be grateful for any instructions you can give to have the minutes corrected about this .
i have here a letter from the president saying that amendments nos 4 and 17 have been deemed inadmissible .
i believe there are legal issues of great importance which europe should promote and we should also introduce the concept of flexibility , sustainability and made-to-measure actions .
( parliament adopted the draft legislative resolution )
the treaty of amsterdam reiterates the priority criteria for prevention , for the implementation of the ' polluter pays ' principle and for sustainable development through an environmental impact assessment .
we had a very open discussion yesterday and many of us expressed concerns about some of the developments in ukraine .
that has been noted , mrs peijs .
it is time we had a level playing field. hygiene standards in the uk are second to none , and the ban must be lifted across the eu , including france .
with regard to the report that we are debating today , the committee on development wishes to stress the following points :
i am well aware that for some members there was perhaps a problem , but quite honestly i cannot take the vote again .
( the speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under rule 149 ( 8 ) )
the vote will take place tomorrow at 9 a.m.
in all honesty , that was not exactly a point of order , mrs breyer !
question no 32 by brian crowley ( h-0377 / 99 )
( the speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under rule 149 ( 8 ) )
the vote will take place tomorrow at 9 a.m.
oral questions and written declarations ( submission ) : see minutes
on behalf of the gue / ngl group . - ( el ) mr president , i wish to congratulate mrs κratsa-tsagaropoulouon her hard work , even though i disagree on certain issues .
( the president cut the speaker off )
. i vote in favour of compromise amendment 1 .
for this reason , i would like once again to thank the european parliament for its particularly important and especially creative contribution to this great effort .
the committee on citizens ' freedoms and rights , justice and home affairs recommends the same course of action as previously .
for the first time the advances of amsterdam give us the opportunity to be involved in the discussion of the guidelines in the form of mr menrad ' s report .
the european union can have the most dynamic knowledge-based economy only if it invests enough in research and especially if the results can be integrated into industrial production .
for all of these reasons , it is a good thing that this report has been rejected .
i am surprised that such an article stems from the legal consistency of this document which should be adopted by a parliamentary chamber .
mr mather , i have already said that i was not going to open a debate on this subject. i said that to all your colleagues .
the european evidence warrant is a ‘ relative ’ of the european arrest warrant , which was approved , let us remember , on the pretext of ‘ combating terrorism ’ .
an active policy towards the countries of central asia and the caucasus to secure supplies of caspian gas for europe .
i think it extremely unlikely that we will get to question 33. if you are waiting for that , i would not do so .
the vote will be taken tomorrow at 10 a.m.
we shall take a number of questions to the commission .
we have talked extensively about the eu ' s future security framework and about the need to organise a military force of
women have specific health characteristics , their health status is also determined by socio-economic factors , like lower living standards , higher unemployment , lower wages .
would anyone like to speak in favour of this motion ?
thank you. i should remind you that mr barroso is the president of the commission , not of the european parliament .
insisted on increasing the structural funds and the cohesion fund ;
1. protection of passengers against displaced luggage ( vote )
third , in order to support innovation and to ensure food safety , in justified cases , consideration could be given to granting data protection for newly developed food .
involvement of non-governmental organisations , civil society and local authorities in eu-supported policies and activities is of paramount importance .
( pl ) mr president , i should like to draw attention to two dangers which have emerged during the debate and in proposed regulations .
no decision has been taken for the moment because parliament has not yet voted .
in writing . - i wholeheartedly welcome this report , which paves the way towards welcoming iceland into the eu .
mr turmes , could you please clarify this ?
let me also remind you that this position has already been clearly expressed by parliament in its 2008 resolution on the cloning of animals for the food supply chain .
that concludes the debate. the vote will take place in a moment .
the vote will be taken tomorrow at 12 noon .
i was with mrs banotti , who was canvassing in my home town yesterday. she asked me to apologize for her not being able to be here .
thank you , ladies and gentlemen , for your understanding and solidarity .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
yet again , the proposals that represent positive developments are not binding. moreover , the report as a whole does not raise the standard of national legislations but levels them down .
- before the vote on paragraph 8 :
excuse me , mr giansily , but this house does not have the authority to approve things that are already contained in the rules of procedure .
( the president cut off the speaker )
forwarding of texts adopted during the sitting : see minutes
( ro ) i would first of all like to congratulate mr iturgaiz for all his efforts on this report .
a representative of the commission is here and has heard your speech , mrs oomen-ruijten. i hope she will be able to respond to your comments .
the only interest the peoples have is in overturning the entire imperialist and anti-grassroots policy and the very construct of the eu .
action taken on parliament 's resolutions : see minutes
it is also clear that the necessary safeguards must be established to protect the fundamental rights and freedoms of individuals .
mr president , article 3 of the treaty stipulates that the european community wishes to eliminate all inequality and promote equality between men and women .
the italian presidency referred to a very important point that i would like to specifically support , namely the simplified treaty amendment procedure. the commission sees this as being essential .
the document contains issues that do not fall under the traditional concept of ‘ human rights ’ ; indeed , they go far beyond the original meaning .
i ask you to look at the report as it came out of the committee and to respond accordingly , commissioner .
( the sitting was opened at 9.05 a.m. )
i think the rapporteur and the previous speakers have highlighted the main features of this proposal for a european parliament and council directive .
europe cannot become known for turning immigrants away , nor can we allow the atlantic and the mediterranean to become open-air cemeteries .
member states must also conduct a balanced financial policy , dividing the tax burden fairly between workers , consumers and businesses .
i also request the european commission to verify whether the member states comply with the obligations they undertook via treaties , regarding discrimination based on nationality .
i think the united nations security council should take strong measures against burma , condemning this illegitimate regime and calling for the restoration of democracy .
to wind up the debate , one motion for a resolution has been tabled pursuant to rule 108 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure .
energy labelling and standard product information ( recast ) ( debate )
the vote will take place on thursday 6 may 2010 at 11.00 .
mr president , first of all i would like to congratulate mrs weiler on the quality of her work. but i have a few comments to make .
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on thursday 25 march 2010 .
mr vallvé can rest assured that , if consulted , the commission will stress the importance the elche mystery play deserves .
( for the results and other details on the vote : see minutes )
thank you for that further supplementary. that would be a matter that the commission would need to consider , and the council would liaise with the commission on that matter .
that is what i wanted to say .
( the president declared the common position approved )
mr president , the last time we held a debate after a tragedy in the mediterranean was on 1 april .
i declare resumed the session suspended on thursday 26 march 2009 .
those are the items that i wished to share with you following the presidency 's speech , and i am now going to listen carefully to the member 's speeches .
to conclude , i will promise mrs maij that i will wish mr pinheiro all necessary success with his programmes , in particular for the acp countries .
( de ) mr president , commissioner , i believe we must see this through so that consumers and banks know what will and will not apply to them in future .
more generally , competitiveness and innovation will be central issues to be addressed in this strategy .
this is why , mr president , our group supports the commission 's proposal .
before the vote on paragraph 8
madam president , these essentially are the reports which the council presidency wished to make to you on behalf of the council .
council position at first reading : see minutes
thank you for pointing that out. we will ask our language service to take up this issue .
if you do that , both you and the commission will be winners. you will both be the stronger for it .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 p.m.
the next item is the commission statement on commission fines in antitrust cases .
secondly , it is desirable for the special economic advantages in service-station agreements and beer supply agreements to be commensurate with the purchasing obligations .
all we seek in this context is for our islands to enjoy access to the single market on equal terms with mainland regions .
account must , therefore , be taken of these issues if we are to achieve positive results in the creation of jobs with rights .
in ireland , where there is already existing legislation , the criminal justice act 1994 is presently being updated to take into account some of the proposals contained in this directive .
we intend to put the issue of credit default swaps to the g20 in june .
establishment of residue limits of pharmacologically active substances in foodstuffs of animal origin ( debate )
before the vote on amendment 10 :
in that context , three routes of action in the commission 's proposal deserve special mention .
b5-0084 / 99 by mr miranda and mrs morgantini , on behalf of the gue / ngl group , on the lusaka agreement on the future in the great lakes region in africa ;
equal rights for homosexuals : -b4-0824 / 98 by the eldr group-b4-0852 / 98 by the v group
public participation in drawing up environmental plans and programmes
no electoral farce can give legitimacy to people like mobutu - one of many beneficiaries of a long-standing complicity on the part of various european countries .
as a consequence of this , we have voted against unduly detailed regulations in today 's vote .
question no 1 by alexandros alavanos ( h-0251 / 98 )
thank you , commissioner , for your detailed answer , which , together with the information given by commissioner mandelson in the debate earlier today , has left me fully satisfied .
amendment to rules ( code of conduct for lobbyists )
thank you very much for your words , mr president .
the vote will take place tomorrow , thursday 18 december 2008 .
there have been repeated manoeuvres to try to restore the so-called ' constitutional process ' , flagrantly disregarding the sovereign decisions of the french and dutch people in their 2005 referendums .
3. mobilisation of the european globalisation adjustment fund : application egf / 2010 / 020 ie / construction 43 from ireland (
forwarding of texts adopted during the sitting : see minutes
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
( the president cut off the speaker )
looking at the results , 345 cases were settled by the institution concerned , after the ombudsman had informed it of the complaint .
i wish to raise a point of order , madam president .
the vote will take place tomorrow , tuesday , 6 july , at 12 : 00 .
firstly , in taking a forward-looking approach to the maritime dimension of the europe 2020 strategy and ensuring sustainable growth in maritime sectors and coastal regions .
mr nogueira román , may i ask you to repeat your comment when we get to the debate on the middle east .
the re-injection of water for certain necessary activities must still be possible , provided that it is done in a responsible manner , and amendment no 201 creates adequate safeguards here .
chairman of the gue / ngl group . - ( de ) mr president , have i understood you correctly , namely that 2011 could be the date for this ' exit ' ?
finally , there is the question of whether to build a europe of nations or a federation , which is once more the issue at stake in this debate .
minister , it is a great pleasure to see you here again .
the powers which endorse the resolution have opposed the general demand by voting down the amendment calling for the withdrawal of foreign forces and again supporting the war .
in china it is the worst floods in 40 years , affecting 240 million people - one-fifth of the population .
you have already discussed visa liberalisation. we hope very much that it will be possible to achieve this .
vice-president of the commission . - madam president , at president barroso 's request , i am addressing the house here today on the subject of the hungarian constitution .
the use of child restraint systems must therefore be further harmonised and made more certain .
in writing . - ( pt ) for the nth time , do not expect us to whitewash your exercises in hypocrisy and barefaced interference .
promoting multilingualism in europe therefore means wealth and progress. opting for monolingualism , however , will make us poorer .
we are in agreement with amendment no 3 , although there will have to be some modification of the wording .
the european research area is of course important. we look forward to wide publicity for the benchmarking exercises , particularly in the areas of enterprise and innovation .
mr president , i think we owe a debt of gratitude to the sunday times for exposing the ' amendments for money ' scandal .
i wish the czech presidency every success .
seen in this light , effective development aid is a key factor in preventive peace maintenance , and can therefore also be interpreted as help for the donor countries themselves .
mr posselt also mentions the principle of mutual recognition and the measures which are planned to improve the mutual recognition of judgments in the field of criminal law .
what steps will the commission take to resolve this serious problem ?
unlike the commission , the european parliament pronounces itself in favour of compensation based upon each accident rather than upon each injured person .
i give the floor to mr verheugen to answer mr kaklamanis 's question .
( the sitting was closed at 16.10 )
the next item is the vote .
the next item is the report ( a4-0408 / 98 ) by mr lehne , on behalf of the committee on civil liberties and internal affairs , on
1. white paper on damages actions for breach of the ec antitrust rules (
( the president cut off the speaker )
the vote will take place at 12 noon tomorrow .
to close , i should like to congratulate mr mann .
i must tell my fellow members of the european parliament that the president ’ s delegation contains more parliamentarians than ministers .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
question no 16 by pat gallagher ( h-0913 / 97 )
the further development of relations between the european union and india will be of crucial importance to world peace , stability , security and development .
( for the outcome and other details of the vote : see minutes ) .
the railway sector is strategic for socioeconomic development. we need a policy that promotes the development and improvement of public railway transport systems in our countries .
given that this is an intergovernmental matter , the ‘ lisbon strategy ’ depends almost entirely on the member states ’ ability and commitment to carry out far-reaching structural reforms .
mr toussas , what i want is what is best for economic growth and for the jobs and living conditions of workers .
( de ) mr president , it is a recurrent excitement to experience in person the different ways in which one can argue and thereby come to different conclusions .
the same social model applies also to the lisbon strategy. where it is concerned , we must not repeat the mistakes we made with the stability and growth pact .
the primrose willow is now spreading extremely rapidly and , despite the efforts of numerous volunteers , can no longer be contained by uprooting .
mr president , i will be brief : i agree with the observations of all the members of parliament who have spoken in this debate .
the allocation of powers and responsibilities
for this reason i am calling on parliament to support the council common position without amendment .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , it is crucial that , at the very least , the community institutions and the member states take this report on board .
common organization of the market in bananas
this issue - emfs - is indeed very controversial in the eyes of many european citizens , although many others , us included , also see it as being most important .
medium- and long-term action is needed to safeguard world food production and to support those people who are most seriously affected in terms of basic nutritional needs .
in conclusion , we believe that if such a debate is to be held in parliament , it must be organised in a serious and efficient manner .
in writing . - ( de ) let 's be absolutely clear from the outset : the embargo by israel is clearly a violation of international law and is completely unacceptable .
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see minutes
the kurdish issue , including its cultural and economic aspects , must likewise be addressed .
the vote will take place at 12.00 .
it is children who represent the future and we must ensure that their rights are enforced and respected in third countries which receive european funding .
- before the vote on amendment 1 :
competitive and quality tourism must certainly contribute to the achievement of the community 's objectives , in particular creating jobs , strengthening economic and social cohesion and promoting the european identity .
secondly , the trade and cooperation agreement must be used as a very useful instrument to encourage internal reforms that bring iraq closer to multilateral system disciplines .
therefore , in my contention , amendment no 35 is something that should be rejected. we should discuss policies in the proper forum .
mrs bonino wishes to make a statement on this subject .
request for urgent procedure : see minutes
thank you very much for these suggestions .
could it also reassure me that everything is being done to help the government of sierra leone address the human rights violations there ?
the report by mrs nedelcheva , on behalf of the committee on petitions , on the annual report on the european ombudsman 's activities in 2009 ( 2010 / 2059 ( ini ) ) ;
proposal for a council regulation on community financial contributions to the international fund for ireland ( com ( 99 ) 0549 - c5-0285 / 99 - 1999 / 0221 ( cns ) ) ( committee on regional policy , transport and tourism )
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
( the sitting was closed at 8.41 p.m. )
having spent two years on the above-mentioned directive , the result is something to be proud of , although , needless to say , it is difficult to please everyone on every score .
in my view , fair and just economic and social development are dependent upon the incorporation , as binding provisions , of minimum labour norms in the wto agreements .
the next item is the council and commission statements on the programme of the irish presidency and the european constitution .
the vote will take place on wednesday , 16 june 2010 .
unfortunately , we have again over-egged the pudding in the resolution tabled before us and , in particular , we have ignored the principle of subsidiarity .
the construction sector is a fundamental european sector both in terms of employment and in terms of the development of our small and medium-sized enterprises .
citizenship must be defined by certain civic behaviour as much as by active and daily participation in society .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
the vote will be taken tomorrow at 12 noon .
since they are concerned with both civil and criminal procedures , the treaties provide the european union with instruments for increasing the protection of crime victims on its territory .
the next items on the agenda are the declarations by the council and the commission on access to documents as implemented by council and commission .
before i begin i will take the liberty of expressing my consternation at the way in which austria has been prejudged by 14 council representatives .
we must bring our values of transparency , democratisation and hope to this country. we must not abandon this country , which has so many friends in europe .
improving debates of european issues in national parliaments ,
the vote will take place tomorrow at 10.00 a.m.
the british government then prohibited it in its country , without checking the implementation of this measure , without closing its frontiers and without authorizing european health committee controls .
europe is committed to promoting human rights , democratic principles and the rule of law and to encouraging sustainable progress in developing countries .
in general , the suffering of poor people in the third world is not always eradicated by free trade – sometimes quite the opposite .
the social need for reliable , modern postal services is becoming the subject of exploitation in order to secure greater profits for big business .
( sk ) after the second world war and the redrawing of boundaries , about 400 000 slovaks remained in hungary and a similar number of hungarians in slovakia .
the idea of introducing tax incentives put forward in mr maaten ' s report is a good one .
quite apart from where the organisers stand politically , the commission feels that the current situation gives serious cause for concern on humanitarian grounds .
this is not a document for the future. it is a return to old-style imperialism and colonialism. it is something i reject .
b5-0759 / 2001 by andrews , on behalf of the uen group ,
i have received 7 motions for resolutions pursuant to article 37 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
on the situation in the democratic republic of the congo .
there is no mention of high oil prices or to the consequences thereof ;
as regards icesave , and as referred to in your resolution , the commission would welcome a swift resolution of this matter in the interests of all the parties involved .
i simply wished to say ' yes ' to liberalisation , provided that it is regulated and that public services are preserved .
i do not think that parliament is providing demonstrators or organising the demonstration. therefore , i cannot answer your question .
the ongoing dispute between the government and a private television station can , i believe , be properly resolved only by full compliance with the law .
the european parliament has always been in the vanguard in the fight against terrorism , despite the limited role attributed to it by the treaties in this area .
thank you very much , commissioner .
the sitting was adjourned at 5.05 p.m. and resumed at 5.30 p.m.
mr titley , the house expresses its total solidarity with you and your staff .
mr president , i am pleased that you knew i was here and that i was going to speak. you know that i do not usually speak too long .
we withdraw the first part of the amendment , which deleted three words , therefore we retain the terms in the report ' financing the economy ' .
mr president , as the time allotted to me is very short i will just say the following .
we need legislation that is clear and that identifies specific and operational priorities. the european union can no longer make do with declarations of intent .
the next item is the joint debate on the following 15 motions for resolution :
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
request for the waiver of mr campos ' immunity
b5-0521 / 2001 by mr dupuis and others , on behalf of the technical group of independent members group
we have also continued to improve cooperation through the productive interaction between the european defence agency and the allied command for transformation .
the european parliamentary labour party believes that , as mep 's , we have a duty to protect eu taxpayers ' money .
- ( fr ) we are facing a terrifying danger , and that is forgetting .
( sl ) i wish to pay my sincere compliments to both rapporteurs , mr albertini and mr danjean .
the vote will take place at 12 : 00 tomorrow , tuesday , 5 july .
are there any objections to this oral amendment ?
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11.30 a.m.
in writing . - ( fr ) everyone is equal when it comes to their dignity , which must be respected and promoted. this approach must forever guide all of our actions .
to my knowledge , no member has made a declaration .
it is vital that the commission and the council become firmer and clearer in their condemnation of these human rights ' violations .
north-south cooperation and the campaign against drugs
( in successive votes , parliament adopted sixteen legislative resolutions )
mr president , surely , since amendment no 13 has been adopted , amendment no 10 falls .
subject : education of children of migrants
( parliament rejected the request to refer the matter back to committee )
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
hence , the challenge we face is a dual one :
tabling a proposal on the social , living and working conditions of seafarers. these conditions are to be respected aboard ship ;
the role of culture in the development of european regions ( debate )
the vote will take place at the end of this afternoon 's debates , that is to say right now .
( ro ) the last two rounds of enlargement of the european union have brought numerous benefits to old and new member states alike , while also posing a number of challenges .
the vote will take place at the end of the debates .
hence our vote in favour , although we regret that other positive proposals were rejected .
mr president , my point of view is naturally closer to that of mrs gebhardt , who has spoken on behalf of the socialist group .
i thank the presidency for that reply .
i should like to welcome the president-in-office and ask him to reply to mr alavanos 's question .
mr president , the weiler report - and i must congratulate the rapporteur on her excellent work - deserves our support and should be paid our full attention .
secondly , we must improve border controls on goods imported from third countries and draw up a multiannual action plan for market surveillance and product safety .
specific technological r & d programme
the vote will take place at 11.30 a.m. tomorrow .
. mr president , first i should like to pay special tribute to my predecessor , mr laschet , from whom i inherited this report after his departure from the house .
similar possibilities apply to animals. for example , some rare breeds of cattle , now almost extinct , may provide disease resistant traits and food producing improvements when cross-bred with conventional breeds .
- the resolution does not criticise the israeli government ’ s policy of occupying palestine and of repressing the palestinian people .
10. mobilisation of the european union 's solidarity fund (
( the president cut off the speaker )
- before the vote on paragraph 19 :
. in this vote i abstained on amendment 11 because of london constituency concerns .
a large section of the public is calling for greater transparency and exemplary administration , which are too little in evidence .
( the sitting was suspended at 1.02 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
b5-0728 / 2001 , tabled by mr wurtz , on behalf of the gue / ngl group , on the severity of the floods in algeria ;
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
create a community programme for the protection of forest and woodland against fire ;
( for details of the outcome of the vote : see minutes )
4. article 18 of law 2936 / 2001 makes provision for a reduction in unarmed or civilian service for recognised conscientious objectors , who will complete reduced armed service .
therefore , mr president , i think that this resolution is necessary and that we should send it to all the bodies mentioned at the end of it .
the second project relates to violence against the elderly. this project confronts a taboo subject , and this is particularly important .
the next item is the council and commission statements on iran .
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports on criminal matters and sentences :
( explanation of vote cut short pursuant to rule 137 ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure )
( it ) mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the proposed amending regulation aims to update the contents of the text to reflect recent legislative developments in the field of consumer protection .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon . ( 1 )
agenda for next sitting : see minutes
the next item is the joint debate on the following three reports :
( the speaker agreed to take a blue card question under rule 149 ( 8 ) )
b5-0370 / 1999 by mrs maij-weggen and others , on behalf of the ppe / de group , on the right of women to vote in kuwait ;
the vote will take place on thursday , 26 march 2009 .
it is necessary firstly to protect the rights of our colleagues and secondly the rights of the european parliament .
first of all , mr maaten , the article you are talking about only refers to one group or 32 members .
i should also underline that the comenius actions of the lifelong learning programme focuses , among other priorities , on increasing motivation in science and mathematics and on improving literacy skills .
i just wanted to stress the most controversial point and the point which has given rise to the greatest discrepancies between certain political groups .
in my view , given the present situation , it is essential for the european union to send a peacekeeping and monitoring mission to south ossetia .
i would like to address the afghan women , who are the target of an apartheid regime which is without precedent , and who are today deprived of fundamental human rights .
i am going to tell you something very simple. i am in favour of enlargement .
6. human rights of the dalits in india ( vote )
question no 56 by john iversen ( h-0144 / 99 )
lampedusa , with a population of 5 000 , has received almost 6 000 immigrants since the conflicts started .
3. north-kivu ( democratic republic of congo ) ( vote )
b5-0618 / 2001 by mr haarder , on behalf of the eldr group , on developments in relations between the european union and the southern caucasus ;
commissioner andor , the european union therefore expects you to act so that we can reassure our fellow citizens and get them back into work .
finally , they include a measure intended to establish shared responsibility between the member states in order to protect overall tax revenues .
the vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.
this is more or less the content of my report , for better or worse .
a significant proportion of amendments nos 25 and 33 would unnecessarily restrict the rights of passengers and we therefore reject them .
you did not fully answer the last part of my question on large-scale energy transmission networks. could you please give an answer on this issue ?
the eu 2020 strategy is a unique opportunity to redefine our relationship with the environment .
the rules of procedure only allows two supplementary questions per question. on this occasion , however , i shall give you the floor .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
use benchmarking to promote and establish best practice , to integrate smes in the e-economy .
the next item is the report ( a4-0004 / 99 ) by mrs hermange , on behalf of the committee on employment and social affairs , on the protection of families and children .
in 2008 , the commission will present to parliament and to the council a report accompanied by a proposal in view of an entry into force in 2010 .
of the new rights , the following are particularly important :
we think it is a good idea that draft amending budgets may be presented in the case of unavoidable , exceptional or unforeseen circumstances .
this has to be approved by both parliament and the council in the coming months and i count as usual on cooperation , especially on parliament 's side .
( the speaker agreed to take a blue card question under rule 149 ( 8 ) )
the evaluation of the peace programme ( debate )
vice-president of the commission . - mr president , i can confirm that the commission is following the events along the thai-cambodian border closely .
it was also necessary to guarantee personal data protection , to recognise the work done by victim support groups , and to explain how this system should affect motorists .
-before the vote on amendment no 7 :
in writing . - this is a major report with important consequences for eu citizens .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
without going into the details of the motion for a resolution tabled by mr rübig , i wish to refer to two very specific issues :
the five main supermarkets in britain have monopoly control over the sale of meat ; they have over 80 % of the total market .
nevertheless , although this document promotes the application of the roadmap , and its main aim is to promote the peace process , i do not believe it is an objective document .
question no 36 by mr newens ( h-0309 / 97 )
13. a new statistical classification of products by activity ( cpa ) ( vote )
we are fiddling while rome burns. or perhaps i should say fiddling while the treaty of rome burns .
i have run out of time. however , we will all vote in favour – i hope even mr knapman .
the council and commission statements on the review conference of the rome statute of the international criminal court in kampala , uganda .
lastly , i would like to add my voice to those which have called for a greater financial contribution to the european refugee fund .
safety of medicinal products : this is also a serious requirement and the elements of quality and vigilance are also taken into account in this excellent report .
we therefore abstained from voting on this report .
madam president , obviously we have voted against this report , which aims to set up thought policing and brainwashing through the media , in particular .
we have made significant progress in recent days , but we cannot today guarantee that there will be an agreement including new wto-compatible trade arrangements with all acp countries .
accession agreement of the european union to the european convention for the protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms ( debate )
. mr president , that was an excellent debate on both reports and one to which i have listened carefully .
i would like to express my support for this own-initiative report , which urges member states of the european union to be better coordinated in the fight against terrorist acts .
madam president , i would first of all like to add my thanks to our rapporteur for all his hard work on this delicate subject .
commission 's position on amendments by parliament
what is the excact definition of this ' external legal expert ' , and what legal expertise will this person be required to have ?
( sk ) mr president , economic migration is a fact that is more or less familiar to all the more affluent countries of the european union .
i now ask that justice be done for the families ...
b5-0072 / 99 by mr collins , on behalf of the uen group , on the earthquake of 17 august 1999 in turkey ;
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon . ( 2 )
stimulating research also means ensuring an independent training policy based on existing competences at european level .
enough has been written , enough has been said ; the commission , too , has presented a convincing document. enough of statements of intent ; now is the time for action .
i must emphasise that these proposals are designed to promote a european agricultural system which is respectful of the environment , of animal welfare and of human health .
i would also like to congratulate mrs de sarnez on her common sense and her open spirit , because that is the best way for us to work together .
the commission can , at that stage , propose an extension of the defensive mechanisms to the council .
i should like to address this request jointly to parliament and to the commission .
the minutes of yesterday 's sitting have been distributed .
( the sitting was suspended at 11.25 a.m. and resumed at 12 noon )
mr president , i respected your authority at all times , since i did not know whether or not i could ask a supplementary question .
the vote will take place at 5.30 p.m. today .
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
in writing . - ( it ) my final vote against the report in question is the result not so much of its content , but of its omissions .
15. nomination of a member of the court of auditors - mr eoin o 'shea ( ie ) (
you no longer have any national control ; you no longer have any european control ...
b5-0333 / 2002 submitted by mr messner and others on behalf of the group of the greens / european free alliance , on nepal ;
but that too has been said and i am glad , madam president , that the commission is able to seek solutions to this question jointly with parliament .
in order to speed up tomorrow morning 's proceedings , i propose that we now appoint the six tellers .
maintaining - i am just finishing , mr president - the principle of relative stability , scorning international fishing , failing to take into account that ?
madam president , indonesia 's state ideology of pancasila has , in itself , succeeded in bringing together diversity , harmony between religions , justice and freedom of religion , in an exemplary manner .
taking photographs in the chamber is not allowed without permission. i would ask you to stop doing so .
oral question ( o-0053 / 02 - b5-0499 / 02 ) by enrique barón crespo , michel rocard , barbara o 'toole , reino paasilinna , demetrio volcic and karin junker - media concentration
( el ) madam president , specific measures need to be taken to mobilise sectors of the economy so that they can be helped in dealing with the crisis .
furthermore , these arrangements will be decidedly beneficial for the production of fruit wine in my own country , and that is the main reason why i support the report .
mr president , although artistic education is now a mandatory subject in almost all member states , there are substantial differences in the way it is taught .
in this context , i think the european aviation safety agency could be given a new role .
questions 35 to 39 will receive written answers .
.like the french socialists , i voted against the böge report , which ratifies the interinstitutional agreement on the 2007-2013 financial perspective .
subject : more flexible interpretation of the stability and growth pact
mr president , i have been provoked by several speakers but i will not be deterred from what i have to say .
evidence of this comes straight away in the division of services of general interest into services of general economic interest and social services of general interest .
( it ) mr president , ladies and gentlemen , today we set out to reinforce the role of women in the union .
in accordance with rule 103 ( 2 ) , i have received six motions for resolutions .
mrs roth , that debate is not on today 's agenda. we can only discuss the issue if it is part of the agenda !
ladies and gentlemen , i must ask you to stick strictly to your speaking time , as we are dreadfully behind schedule !
finally , i would like to congratulate both authors on a superbly prepared document .
the new european instrument for democracy and human rights also provides a wide scope for activities in the field of gender equality .
to this end , the commission must make available financial resources that are appropriate to this fight .
the outcome of the split vote on amendment no 654 was as follows :
question no 35 by glenys kinnock ( h-0250 / 03 ) :
i might add that , to all outward appearances , today ’ s ceremony resembled a mutual support pact between institutions seeking to confer legitimacy upon each other .
i cannot at this stage anticipate the conclusions of the task force. the council will , however , then discuss the matter further in light of the task force 's conclusions .
work following on from the spring 2003 european council and , finally
the closure for the period 1994-1999 , and
all these measures will contribute to our common goal of tackling this unacceptable , appalling , disgraceful figure of 45 000 deaths every year .
mr president , i too am new. i shall stand up anyway , although i am far too tall for this device .
it is important that untruths are rapidly rebutted. this explanation of vote is necessary in order to correct the record .
the next item is the vote .
rapporteur . - madam president , no , but i am sure i can research that and let mr batten know the figure .
last but not least , we have to reaffirm moral values and moral conduct. if we lose our moral compass , the talk about competitiveness in the social ...
( explanation of vote cut short pursuant to rule 137 ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure )
i declare the 2008-2009 session of the european parliament open .
the vote will take place on tuesday at 11.30 a.m.
( nl ) mr president , very briefly , our group wishes to request an electronic vote , a roll-call vote .
the next item is questions to the council ( b6-0332 / 2005 ) .
we shall now proceed to the vote .
the next item is the joint debate on the following resolution motions :
mr president , i have just three comments to make on this debate .
( pl ) madam president , adoption of the long-awaited lisbon treaty is now behind us. it will surely lead to a strengthening and improvement of the european union in the future .
one moment , please. for the time being , it is for the presidency to give the floor .
tourism deserves our attention , and we must coordinate different policies as well as possible to promote the future prospects of european tourism .
the sitting was suspended from 8.30 p.m. until 9.15 p.m.
i voted for the report on the university-business dialogue : a new partnership for the modernisation of european universities .
the june list believes that it is the council of europe and the european court of justice that should take care of political and / or legal supervision .
– thank you , minister , for your reply , but we must be honest here , because i fear that the european union is still sending contradictory messages to turkey .
all members are therefore invited to look for the body .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11.00 a.m.
question no 59 will not be taken because the subject to which it refers is included on the agenda of this part-session .
anti-counterfeiting trade agreement ( motions for resolutions tabled ) : see minutes
mr president , i welcome this report and congratulate the rapporteur on the tremendous work he has done .
14. the integration of new member states in the cap ( vote )
i apologize on behalf of the house for the way in which this debate was conducted .
implementing measures ( rule 88 ) : see minutes
are there any objections to taking this oral amendment into consideration ?
i hope that the commission communication planned for this year will appear soon after the european parliament has given its opinion .
- i would add that the agreement allows for the option of increasing the financial compensation paid by the ec depending on catch volumes .
. this annual report follows up article 280 of the treaty , relating to the policy of preventing and fighting fraud in the eu .
with regard to the procedure , the text should be ready for approval by the council at the end of november , following verification by the lawyer-linguists of the two institutions .
( pl ) mr president , the common energy policy is currently one of the greatest challenges facing the european union. our response to it must be based on solidarity .
can the commission provide further details about the practical aspects and implications of such a mechanism ?
whereas an urgent review of the " television without frontiers " directive is necessary .
if you do not take them down , i shall order this parliament ’ s security services to do so .
by doing so , we want to show that we recognise that there are problems with copyright and that it needs protecting in various areas , including on the internet .
– mr president , ladies and gentlemen , let me too start by thanking mr garot for his own-initiative report .
i call the former mayor of bologna , our vice-president mr imbeni .
the next item is the joint debate on the following 14 motions for resolutions :
has the wto a view on this ?
this is a big challenge for us but i think it is a big opportunity as well , and we can make it work for the benefit of citizens .
therefore , i support the rapporteur 's call for this amendment to the structural fund regulation to enter into force quickly. we must provide rapid and targeted help .
there is absolutely no justification to be made for the disgraceful behaviour we have seen here today .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , mr president of the commission , the debate on transatlantic relations always contains elements of great political interest .
may i conclude , mr president , by giving my particular congratulations to the colleagues to whom we are most indebted for this work .
mr president , i would like to commend the various rapporteurs and draftsmen on their excellent work on the 2003 budget .
mr president , page 25 of the minutes of yesterday 's sitting records the proposal you made , on behalf of the conference of presidents , regarding the calendar for 1997 and 1998 .
motion for a resolution ( b5-0119 / 2000 ) " area of freedom , security and justice "
i wish to make it clear that i voted in favour of amendment 6 , which stresses morocco 's responsibility in the situation of human rights violations in western sahara .
mr president , the spanish presidency is the first to take place under the new lisbon treaty .
and by the way , our citizens are perplexed as to why we can help pakistan when we cannot help ajka .
i would like to thank particularly the rapporteurs , ms stavreva , mr maldeikis and mr böge , for their engagement in finding a quick solution to this very important proposal .
unfortunately the irish government did little to support the campaign to retain our current allocation of 13 seats .
mr president , i also would like to welcome this report and commend it to this house .
11. alignment of legal acts to the new comitology decision ( legislative initiative ) (
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
given that the report before us meets these concerns , i voted in favour .
fourth , summary minutes should be published containing the arguments made for and against when making decisions on monetary policy , together with an anonymous account of the voting pattern .
7. role of minimum income in combating poverty and promoting an inclusive society in europe (
now , mr president , to the subject of cancer :
( parliament adopted the legislative resolution ) explanation of vote
last part of paragraph 33 : ‘ [ the european parliament ] urges continued parallel reform of the common fisheries policy , including the creation of a european fisheries fund ’ .
i therefore voted in favour of the commission led by mr durão barroso .
16. integrity of online gambling (
commissioner , i think that you are perfectly aware of , and sensitive to , these issues , due to the fact that you come from a region with specific problems .
. the agreement reached in the conciliation committee is highly satisfactory and offers major improvements as regards gas emissions into the atmosphere .
we shall now proceed to the vote .
subject : israeli military operations and lost eu funding
thank you very much , commissioner van den broek .
i am not speaking swahili , it is my own native tongue , irish , which unfortunately is the only official language not included in the community .
as i myself am a janus member on the same committee as you , mr botopoulos , i had no option but to give you those 40 seconds .
as the author is not present , question no 24 lapses .
the protection of taxpayers against what will be ever more punitive taxes .
the vote will take place today .
mr president , i shall focus on mr colajanni 's report. i would like to congratulate him on his excellent work and on having prepared such a well-structured and comprehensive report .
is it possible for the competent authorities in the country of shipment not to authorize the return of contaminated meat ?
questions nos 18 to 40 will be dealt with in writing .
the european parliament must support this democratic movement. it is by doing so that we will defend nigerians and nigeria , a large and important african country .
agenda for next sitting : see minutes
( fr ) mr president , other speakers here today have debated the subject at length , but it is better to repeat ourselves than to contradict each other .
it is particularly important to note this legislation relates to maximum residue limits. this is the concept that there is an acceptable dose .
as such , it is vital that measures are adopted to reinforce the fight against these illegal activities , in particular by reinforcing control mechanisms in each member state .
subject : transport council request for a study on social effects of the abolition of duty free
ladies and gentlemen , the european drought monitoring centre would naturally be a tool for promoting knowledge and reducing and monitoring the effects of drought in europe .
we look forward to the next steps in the chain of implementation , to take place shortly .
mr president , i should like to thank mr schmidt for a very good report .
i would like to thank you once again and congratulate you , mr prime minister. merry christmas and a happy new year !
i also welcome the need expressed for the eu to prepare fully for the world summit on sustainable development .
madam president , the common agricultural policy has done enormous damage to british agriculture at enormous financial and economic cost .
utility models in the single market
in the light of these considerations we have abstained overall .
1999 must be the year a universal moratorium on executions is established. we cannot keep putting this initiative off indefinitely .
subject : exchange of information relating to bank accounts
in writing . - ( fr ) i voted in favour of this report that is designed to improve the applicability , readability and clarity of the labelling of spirit drinks .
. i support and have voted in favour of mr colom i naval ’ s report , which authorises financial payment from the solidarity fund to portugal .
subject : storm of 11-12 april 2003 in the azores
that is the real signal that must be sent out .
we must do everything in our power to ensure that economic life in these countries can return to normal and that the people find work .
( the president cut the speaker off )
one particularly praiseworthy aspect of this report is the attention it pays to the promotion of equal opportunities for men and women in the employment and labour markets .
( for the results and other details on the vote : see minutes )
approval of minutes of previous sitting : see minutes
i accept the two amendments presented by mr guerreiro , as well as amendment 17 , presented by mrs stihler .
i will conclude by thanking our rapporteur , mrs wortmann-kool , for her dedication and for her cooperation , which really has been good and constructive .
thank you for what you have said today , mr president-in-office. i wish you success in the negotiations at the informal summit meeting this afternoon .
nobody will therefore have failed to notice that i included my own country in the aspiration that it may shortly ratify and sign the hague convention .
these vpas will therefore help preserve the forests in these countries by combating illegal harvesting , which causes significant environmental , economic and social damage .
this disaster is the outcome of the europe of brussels and maastricht , which , if you remember the promises of 1992 , was supposed to bring prosperity , growth and employment .
on the annual report of the cohesion fund 2000 ,
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on thursday 28 september 2006 .
as mr papakyriazis , mr ephremidis and mr theonas are not present , question no 23 ( h0184 / 97 ) , question no 24 ( h0190 / 97 ) and question no 25 ( h-0191 / 97 ) fall .
will the commission immediately propose the compulsory testing of blood to be used in transfusions in all the member states ?
if you need to continue this debate , it must be at another time .
effective international cooperation is also essential and we are firmly committed to working through the convention on biological diversity to protect global diversity worldwide .
2. kazakhstan : the case of yevgeny zhovtis
we need a much clearer and more active policy which must include some of the following strands :
mr president , the european parliament is a young parliament. this is a fundamental difference between it and the national parliaments , some of which have been sitting for centuries .
i can accept the oral amendment .
1. election of a vice-president of the european parliament ( to replace mrs koch-mehrin ) ( vote )
i support the libicki report and call on my fellow members to join me .
i look forward to romania joining the union in the not too distant future .
( the sitting was suspended at 8.22 p.m. and resumed at 9.00 p.m. )
how can it be feasible for the european union to develop a common defence policy if it does not make available the technical resources for this domain ?
we have committed ourselves to human rights , to peace and to the peaceful resolution of conflicts. that is our way. that is only the dialogue ...
that concludes the explanations of vote .
president. as the author is not present , question 47 lapses .
- after the vote on paragraph 66
until 2004 there will be no change , there will be no restrictions on working hours ;
thank you , mrs terrón i cusí .
the trust has a number of concerns about the treatment of irish prisoners. for example :
( es ) mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the spanish presidency and the last six months have been a very special time for the european union .
( the order of business was adopted thus amended )
fourth , access to the grid for electricity from renewable energy sources is guaranteed. this should not be jeopardised because of feed-in or transmission charges .
if i commit a crime by declaring their betrayal , i am denounced ...
( the sitting was closed at 11.40 p.m. )
( for the results and other details on the vote : see minutes )
you have talked about coordination with the united states. could you tell us the terms on which this cooperation , which is so important and so necessary , is taking place ?
as far as the amount allocated for this kind of technical assistance is concerned , the same remarks are valid here as for amendment no 1 .
the next item is question time ( b6-0325 / 2006 ) .
the future framework decision must provide for a range of additional guarantees in the field of the protection of personal data ;
do you have a view on this , bearing in mind also that the environment agency and other national agencies welcome these proposals very much ?
what i am now wondering is how to protect myself from the threat which this incident no doubt represents ...
i shall finish by saying that the europe of freedoms , the europe of the protection of rights ...
in view of the revision of the regulations of the structural fund , i would like to point out the following :
( parliament agreed to withdraw the two reports from that day 's agenda )
that concludes question time. questions 49 to 87 will receive written answers .
together with all member states , the french presidency should find solutions to the union 's impasse following the irish referendum .
thank you very much , commissioner fischler .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11.00 a.m.
of course , without these arms , those conflicts would not happen. parliament must therefore wish the united nations conference in july to be a success .
oh , heckling ! mr president , please protect me against these members who are intervening against me .
i also welcome the fact that parliament is using its new powers for the approval of such international agreements , specifically in relation to the transport industry .
mr president , the initiative taken by the commission with a view to improving company performance statistics deserves our strongest support .
( de ) mr president , mr juncker , ladies and gentlemen , mr mölzer seems to have missed the point , as nothing that he said had much to do with the euro .
parliament rejected the motion for a resolution
i believe that we can all be very proud of the quality and dedication of our staff .
( the sitting was suspended at 1.05 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
lastly , i compliment mr blair and mr balkenende for their initiative on climate change. it deserves our full support .
of the fourteen amendments approved by the committee on transport and tourism , there are three which deserve special mention .
( parliament rejected the motion for a resolution )
we shall of course take note of what you have said .
( b5-0215 / 2002 ) by mr corrie and mrs maij-weggen , on behalf of the ppe-de group , on the human rights situation in nigeria ;
( the sitting was closed at 18.30 )
the next item is the vote .
the era is encouraging conflict and competition for profit between countries and large business groups. as a result , inequalities in scientific development will be intensified .
we shall therefore continue with our work in accordance with the voting list we have in front of us. that is what sticking to the rules means .
firstly , i must remind you once again that votes on friday are free. so you have no cause for concern .
i should like to thank all the speakers , 50 % of whom were women .
mr president , i just wanted to draw your attention to a small linguistic problem in paragraph 25 .
( the sitting was suspended at 11.55 a.m. and resumed at 12.35 p.m. )
we are against vat in all its forms , because it is an indirect tax that hits the working classes the hardest .
( the sitting was closed at 1.15 p.m. )
protection extends not only to the physical integrity , but also to the dignity of the victim .
( the sitting was closed at 21 : 45 )
( the sitting was suspended at 1 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
forwarding of texts adopted during the sitting : see minutes
parliament decided to postpone the vote and the matter was deemed to have been referred back to committee
after these general considerations , i would now like to answer the four more specific questions that you have asked .
i thank you , mr president-in-office of the council. one month ago we held the same debate , and i would now like to take it a little further .
europe will soon have a single currency. it will also need an army. that is the price of our independence .
- joint motion for a resolution : rc b6-0160 / 2007
i thank the president-in-office , who i am standing behind once again , for his reply .
therefore , i consider that we must prioritise alternative conflict resolution procedures , since they offer more flexibility , as well as simplified and less costly legal proceedings .
– the debate is closed .
commissioner , could you take this message from europe : ' people of the holy land , show that you want peace . '
thank you very much , commissioner , for that detailed response .
commissioner , you are appearing before the european parliament with a proposal which demonstrates that the european commission has failed in relation to managing the common fisheries policy .
thus , the annex sets out a list of seven conventions and protocols relating to justice and internal affairs where the present convention can be found .
the minutes of the present sitting will be subject to parliament ' s approval at the beginning of the next part-session .
action taken on parliament 's positions and resolutions : see minutes
6. acp-eu joint parliamentary assembly in 2010 (
mr president , as i said at the beginning of my speech , it is a good text with which to begin our work .
the measures proposed in this report , especially emission charging and emission trading licenses , strike me as an appropriate way of addressing the problem of the influence of aviation .
before continuing with the sitting , i would like to say a few words of thanks to the president for his speech .
these public policies are top priority as drug addiction has serious human and social consequences , particularly among the younger generations .
one-minute speeches on matters of political importance
i hope that the spanish presidency will be able to bring them together more than in the past .
despite the omission of important points such as
mr president , i would like to propose a vote on an amendment to this motion , which i will now read out .
the next item is the joint debate on the following :
i abstained as a result of this and i believe our relationship with the us and with other countries is stained as a result .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , mr fabreaubrespry 's intervention comes as no surprise , since he informed the committee on budgets yesterday evening that he would be making it .
due to the language of the oral amendment which is ambiguous , british conservatives were not able to accept this report in its entirety .
. ( pt ) i supported this report and cast my final vote in its favour , in line with the speech i made during the debate .
the outcome is disappointing , and i am holding on to what the commission said yesterday , namely that it will not introduce further legislation , but only present a communication .
report ( a5-0342 / 2001 ) by mr seppänen , on behalf of the committee on budgets , on the draft ecsc operating budget for 2002 ( sec ( 2001 ) 827 - c5-0233 / 2001 - 2001 / 2100 ( bud ) )
i voted in favour of the barsi-pataky report ( a6-0212 / 2005 ) on the implementation of the deployment and commercial operating phases of the european programme of satellite radionavigation .
all things considered , we hope that the debate and the votes on the amendments will produce a well-balanced resolution .
if these proposals are put into practice , they should help turn understandable apprehension into legitimate expectation .
the vote will take place tomorrow , thursday 2 april 2009 .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
( the minutes of the previous sitting were approved )
secondly , there is no proposal from the commission setting a deadline or removing the expiry clauses from the original proposals .
i declare adjourned the session of the european parliament .
- ( pt ) the answer is neither yes nor no. i do not know , mr martin. it will depend on the decision taken by the council .
action taken on parliament 's positions and resolutions : see minutes
women have the highest potential to accelerate the development of our high-tech industry. europe must use it .
vice-president of the commission. mr president , thank you for inviting me on this symbolic date , 15 november , which is palestinian national day , to speak on the situation in gaza .
member of the commission . - mr president , first of all , i would like to thank the rapporteur for his excellent work on this politically very important issue .
i should also like to welcome the large delegation from ukraine seated in the official gallery .
( the president cut off the speaker )
( fr ) commissioner , you are embarking on an ambitious project that concerns us all .
i thought mr allister 's points were absolutely correct. i think the commission is failing us. it fails to enforce regulations .
the date set for completing the next phase , which the commission intends to keep to , is 1 january 2003 .
on the other hand , the annual forum meetings , which will start in december , will be open to the public .
what action does the presidency intend to take against this form of cultural cleansing and to strengthen the democratic and informational role of libraries ?
the issue of set-aside must also , of course , be developed further. set-aside must be removed. we should be cultivating food in these areas .
( nl ) mr president , it has been agreed between the rapporteur and the shadow rapporteurs that the text should read as follows : ' considers that for ensuring ' , etcetera .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
subject : creation of a european agency for safety in civil aviation
we shall now proceed to the vote .
never before have the people of europe had such high expectations of the eu , while , at the same time , criticising it harshly .
increased transferability of knowledge , so that this can also be used in other regions of the european union .
mr president , i ask you to accept the inclusion of this additional clause .
i attended the sitting that day , as i always do. i took part in the recorded votes and stayed until the sitting was closed .
the reasons why i supported the adoption of a positive attitude towards the recognition , legitimacy and the regulation of the so-called non-conventional medicine health care sector are various .
this resolution on the ' development of the relations between the european parliament and national parliaments under the treaty of lisbon ' is a prime example of deceit .
allow me to quote three of the more important conclusions of the committee :
– and so you shall , but not immediately. it deserves some reflection .
subject : measures to combat trafficking in synthetic drugs
subject : liberalisation of the energy market for the benefit of consumers
madam president , i do apologise , but since we have a couple of minutes before the next item , i would just like to make two concluding comments .
i would like to congratulate the four rapporteurs on their reports and on the consensuses that they have achieved under particularly difficult conditions .
we should not allow a system to develop whereby the european union is given a free hand to impose criminal sanctions in europe .
i do , however , believe that , in view of the spring summit , the union ’ s financial perspective needs to be considered and questions must be answered .
the vote will take place tomorrow , thursday .
agenda 2000 : economic and social cohesion
we have the opportunity of taking an approach which meets the needs of both workers and undertakings. and it is our duty to do so .
pricing policies for enhancing the sustainability of water resources
very well , we will take note of that .
( the president declared the amended common position approved )
. mr barroso , congratulations on your previous speech and on having put things straight and put certain people in their place .
since accidents in recent years have been shown to occur because of inadequate supervision of the rules , it is particularly important that these rules are supervised .
decisions concerning certain documents : see minutes
thank you very much , mr monti , for being here this afternoon .
it is important to define the notion of ' environmental damage ' , which is in harmony with other european union legislation , and in particular with the environmental liability directive .
i would say that one of the primary functions of the european union is to guarantee fair competition for all , and particularly for smes and , of course , consumers .
the vote in favour by the members who have signed the report before is naturally based on the definition in article 2 .
mr president , the european parliament must issue a very strong call to those member states in which gambling is permitted to strongly discourage that market wherever possible .
the vote will take place at 6.30 p.m.
polish nationals wishing to visit the united states as tourists still have to go through the complicated and costly procedure of obtaining a visa .
that is why i shall vote in favour of mr purvis ’ s report .
b5-0339 / 1999 by mr titley , on behalf of the pse group , on the situation in indonesia and east timor ;
first of all , it is a legal issue : the violation of intellectual property right .
we must develop motorways of the sea to reduce co2 and further the development of renewable energies .
addressing the challenge of water scarcity and droughts in the european union ( debate )
that is the direction - already mapped out by parliament - which the intergovernmental conference has to take .
these measures need to be applied .
it rightly underlines the need to improve the consistency of internal and external policies in this area .
the vote will take place tomorrow ( tuesday , 6 july 2010 ) .
2. the resolution does not repudiate militarisation of the eu and does not acknowledge that every military operation must have a un mandate .
mr president , we are discussing the aspirations of ukraine , moldova and georgia. these are similar aspirations to be closer to the european union .
over the days that followed , i was very pleased to see this declaration of solidarity translated into swift , concerted action at european level .
rapporteur . - mr president , following this debate , i would like to make three quick points .
the vote will take place tomorrow .
one of these countries , cyprus , withdrew its candidate because of the negative result of the relevant hearing and delegated mr kikis kazamias instead .
subject : british arms supplies to indonesia
debates on cases of breaches of human rights , democracy and the rule of law ( announcement of motions for resolutions tabled ) : see minutes
( the president declared the common position approved )
( el ) mr president , i take the floor today to thank all the rapporteurs and everyone who brought about this debate .
it will be possible to use state aid to support research and development , innovation , communication and information technology , transport and energy efficiency .
the dutch party for freedom ( pvv ) is in favour of emergency assistance , but it is up to the individual member states , not the european union , to provide such assistance .
i commend the joint motion to the house today and thank all colleagues who have worked so hard on it .
should you have any specific points to make , perhaps you could provide me with the relevant information in writing , and i will certainly raise them with my staff .
what binding rules are needed , particularly with regard to the protection of fundamental rights , to clarify the application of minimum procedural safeguards in cases entailing cross-border circumstances ?
– europe has found itself truly at the threshold of a global crisis. we must prepare ourselves for a pandemic , and we must not be taken by surprise .
what we have here is an authentic primer laying out the road towards liberalisation of all services , including public services , which it dubs ' public and general interest needs ' .
. ( es ) mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i would firstly like to thank all the honourable members for their speeches , which have been very interesting .
i have received three motions for resolutions ( 1 ) to end the debate pursuant to rule 103 of the rules of procedure .
i must say that i am pleased with some key aspects of bulgaria 's position in the cap debate :
the complete list of all approved and financed projects is published on the european commission 's website. i think that that is a comprehensive response to this matter .
turning to morocco , the greens will be voting against this proposal , not because we oppose compensation for fishermen put out of work , but because we oppose this particular package .
therefore , conservatives have abstained on this report .
however , i do not necessarily agree with you on international financial accounting. you will not be surprised to hear that. i do not agree with using historical trends .
thank you very much , commissioner liikanen , for an absolutely excellent reply .
( the sitting was suspended at 7.15 p.m. and resumed at 9.00 p.m. )
– the next item is the debate on the report by mrs malmström ( α60135 / 2005 ) , on behalf of the committee on foreign affairs , on eurussia relations ( 2004 / 2170 ( ini ) ) .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
non-proliferation and the future of the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons ( npt ) ( debate )
2. establishment of a ‘ european army ’ as part of a common foreign and security policy .
i would like to thank the rapporteur and the committee on fisheries which has incorporated the following points of the committee on budgets into the resolution :
i have but one question to put to the british presidency , and it is this : when will you stop travelling to europe , and instead start living in it ?
on behalf of the ppe-de group . - ( pl ) mr president , today 's opportunity to discuss last month 's black sea disaster is very welcome , for at least two reasons .
the next item is the joint debate on two recommendations for second reading :
this is a genuine point of order and i think we should listen to it politely .
the eu mineral water document specifies a europe-wide standard on natural mineral water .
i declare resumed the session adjourned on thursday 25 october 2007 .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i am delighted to see that after so many months of discussion and struggle socrates has finally become a reality .
in connection with this process of restricting privileges and making them transparent , how does the council intend to exert influence on the european parliament ?
our task now in ungass is therefore to evaluate , to reassess , to revitalize - speaking more figuratively , to give the process a kick in the pants .
president in office . - ( sl ) thank you for your additional question .
i should like to thank you for the resolution , and express the firm belief that the european union should support the country in seeking a better future .
this means that the most important thing is the interests of the major powers , such as germany , and that the much-trumpeted solidarity is still lacking .
the only solution is for the workers to fight for grassroots power and a grassroots economy to overturn capitalist barbarity .
- mr president of the czech republic , i would like to offer you a warm welcome to the european parliament .
in writing . - ( pt ) the tabajdi report stresses the potential of agricultural biogas and suggests adopting a directive on biogas production .
i must express my very sincere regrets to the rapporteur , but i think that it is my duty not to vote for his report .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i shall briefly outline the commission 's position on parliament 's intended rejection of the council 's common position on the european city of culture .
written declarations for entry in the register ( rule 116 ) : see minutes
( several members on the left held up placards denouncing the war in iraq )
how does the council 's representative view the prospects for eliminating these shortcomings at the next intergovernmental conference on the amendment of the treaties ?
however , even the coke-sniffing youngsters at the credit agencies know that ireland , greece , spain , italy , the united kingdom and portugal are broke. kaput is kaput in any language !
( the sitting was closed at 12.04 a.m. )
the vote will take place at 12 noon .
very well , i shall pass on your comment to the session staff , but i would remind members that we also have votes following this afternoon ’ s debates .
that is not a point of order. i understand your concern , but the rules of procedure must be respected. i take good note of what you say , thank you .
the swedish conservatives have today voted in favour of the report on women 's immigration .
mr verheugen , i must once again ask you if you would be kind enough to answer question no 28 .
[ 10593 / 1 / 2001 - c5-0413 / 2001 - 1999 / 0259 ( cod ) ] ( rapporteur : mrs paulsen )
the fifth question related to how the commission is tackling the mif issue for card payments .
mr president , it cannot have been approved unanimously. i registered a symbolic abstention .
a number of compromise amendments were tabled to ensure that parliament ’ s position is coherent and unambiguous .
we now come to the reform of the agricultural policy .
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see minutes
36. interim trade agreement with turkmenistan
what lessons have been learnt by the commission , with a view to changing your internal procedures and prioritising genuine competition cases ?
this line of reasoning , which appears to be common to the different groups , is extremely interesting !
the reason it has been placed in this order is the addition of the word ' severe ' in amendment 163 .
the next item is questions to the council ( b6-0136 / 2004 ) .
in addition , the eu urged the russians to promote without delay a political solution that provides a framework for lasting peace , stability and reconstruction in chechnya .
i should now like to invite the president-in-office of the council to take the floor .
this is the context in which this report was written. it proposes various recommendations which i shall now summarise :
pursuant to the rules of procedure , the following nominations have been submitted for the presidency of the european parliament :
just as momentum is needed in the reform process for turkey , momentum is needed in its membership talks with the european union too .
thank you , prime minister , for your speech which i personally found very useful and pragmatic .
for all the above reasons , the french members of the union for a europe of nations group are unable to support mr laschet ' s report .
greece will undertake painful efforts , but we all know that there are no alternatives to such efforts .
question no 47 by juan izquierdo collado ( h-0708 / 98 )
we need to work together , increase cooperation between member states and rely on the customs services working together to monitor the route taken by imported toys .
secondly , liberalization and competition measures within the european union , which have slashed air fares .
secondly , we would like to see the public have plenty of opportunity to have its say during the approval procedure of gmos .
( the sitting was suspended at 12.55 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
mrs parvanova , can you please pose your question as briefly as possible ?
wuori report ( a5-0193 / 2001 ) and cornillet report ( a5-0223 / 2001 )
mr president , this debate provides the opportunity for an exchange of views prior to the deliberations of the 58th session of the un commission on human rights .
therefore , i am delighted with the result , and hope for strong support from my fellow members in tomorrow 's vote .
a strong , well-funded european union regional policy which provides benefits to every region in the eu is a prerequisite for meeting our future objectives .
no specific humanitarian assistance is envisaged for azerbaijan as at present no substantial numbers of refugees from chechnya are reported in azerbaijan .
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
in these circumstances , i feel that european citizens and companies should be able to benefit in the future from a telecommunications service with access conditions ...
– the debate is closed .
– mr president , international organised crime is at its most dangerous and its most pernicious when it is linked to terrorist groups .
( the sitting was suspended at 19.15 and resumed at 21.00 )
i have listed a few examples simply in order to inform the house that we shall be tabling a number of amendments to improve on the text .
( the president cut off the speaker )
( mr falconer requested the floor ) mr falconer , i cannot allow you to speak again ; that would be once too often .
they made a mistake with their votes. it is unacceptable to recall it .
( the president declared the common position approved )
we will support the main host countries , albania and macedonia , together with the yugoslav republic of montenegro , with another eur 100 million .
the next item is the statements by the council and the commission on human rights in cambodia , laos and vietnam .
at the stockholm summit , the member states approved this acceleration , with the exception of france , which is strongly opposed to the adoption of that date .
the tests conducted in sweden show that meat preparations must be subject to compulsory salmonella testing if the salmonella guarantee is to be effective in that country .
oral questions and written statements ( submission ) : see minutes
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
in short , the present report , in my opinion , is not scientific enough and will , in the long run , do nothing to further medical and health care development .
lastly , i wish to highlight the incomprehensible involvement of the united nations interim administration in kosovo .
the vote will take place on thursday at 12 noon .
among the council 's priority tasks should also be strengthened border control , and the collection and exchange of classified information on the routes of drug trafficking .
safety and interoperability of the community railroad system ( debate )
the removal of this fund would penalise the countries which have managed to comply with the requirements for joining the euro and would simply be intolerable .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12.00 noon .
oral questions and written declarations ( submission ) : see minutes
the commission will now come forward with its concrete proposals for a european-based monitoring and evaluation system supplemented by a european safeguard mechanism .
thank you , mr ephremidis. your words are on record and have therefore already been noted .
as the time allotted to questions to the commission has elapsed , questions nos 27 to 47 will be replied to in writing . ( 2 )
( the sitting was suspended at 10.55 a.m. until voting time and resumed at 11.00 a.m. )
b5-0294 / 99 by mrs maes and others , on behalf of the greens / ale group ;
mr macartney , as regards the text , what we shall be voting on afterwards is completely clear. we shall return to the other matter later .
which rule are you invoking ?
ladies and gentlemen , i would ask that we observe a minute ’ s silence .
that was not a point of order. you are listed as a speaker later in the debate .
in conclusion , i would commend the rapporteur once again and thank him on behalf of the union for europe group for all his hard work .
mr president , allow me to respond briefly to some of the questions raised .
the commission accepted the overwhelming majority of parliament ’ s amendments , but ...
fifthly , i think that this subject , brought to light by the commissioner , bonino , lies outside the competences of the bse monitoring committee. there is no link between the two .
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
mr president , i should like to thank commissioner bangemann for his ever-positive and involved presence amongst us .
attempts to add new eu competences instead of making proper use of existing ones are unnecessary. conservatives also believe in a market-oriented approach , not further eu institutionalisation .
the compromise presented here today , which forms part of the energy and climate change package , is like all compromises : neither all bad , nor entirely satisfactory .
mr president , we agree with your second proposal , to vote on the original text first .
b5-0073 / 2002 by mr sylla , mr miranda , mr sjöstedt and mr koulourianos on behalf of the confederal group of the european united left / nordic green left ,
likewise , farmers have long been suspicious that there is a cartel operating , particularly when it comes to uniform and speedy reduction of cattle prices at the slightest whim .
i voted in favour of the text presented by mr kaczmarek on the impact of eu development policy .
in writing . - conservative meps abstained on the final vote on the mănescu report for the following reasons .
that was a very clever way , mr bourlanges , of jumping the queue on explanations of vote .
( es ) mr president , president of the european council , i have two messages : one of concern , and one of demanding encouragement for the work that lies ahead .
many young farmers taking over a holding have to make necessary on-farm investments in order to optimise production efficiency and to ensure the economic sustainability of their holdings .
in a similar vein , amendment no 38 concerning consortia formed by contracting authorities and amendments nos 39 and 40 are also acceptable .
today , 2 may 1998 , i am voting for the euro with enthusiasm and emotion !
nevertheless , the eplp has serious reservations about some aspects of the report .
mr president , today , the commission is presenting us with a communication on its annual policy strategy , with regard to which i would like to make several comments .
it seems to me just as important that the eu gives these professionals the recognition they are due by offering them fair and non-discriminatory salaries .
as i mentioned previously , this report had come a long way before it was adopted unanimously by the committee on legal affairs on 17 december .
we need , therefore , to start taking action. we need to have the courage to vote for the principle of such a tax and to then implement it .
labelling for gmos and imprisonment for those who oppose gmos. therein , in short , lies the ambiguity of these biotechnologies and of the european position .
( de ) mr president , the location for the eu-russia summit was not chosen at random. khanty-mansiysk is the centre of russian oil extraction .
after that intervention mr poettering might need to catch my eye .
i believe that it is time to treat these parties here in the european parliament with the same intolerance as we treat other human rights violators throughout the world .
finally , good progress has been achieved in setting up eu social dialogue structures in sport. it started in football and i believe it will continue in other sectors .
( the sitting was suspended at 19 : 25 and resumed at 21 : 00 )
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
( the president cut the speaker off )
the lack of competitiveness of eu banana production cannot be allowed to justify a refusal to accept uniform and non-discriminatory access to the european market .
the next item is the council and commission statements on terrorism in spain .
the vote will take place at 11.00 a.m.
we therefore have the reality , which is good - this treaty - and we have the horizon , which will be better in the future through what we achieve .
nobody has a clear , coherent picture of how far organised crime actually extends. things cannot be allowed to continue in this vein .
secondly , i think that member states have been too generous in their recent allocations , and that is why the directive on emission allowance trading has had too little effect .
you are repeating a request , and there is another procedure in our rules of procedure for obtaining this information .
the seventh is disaster prediction and management : earthquake forecasting , assessing in advance the quantum of rain for particular cloud conditions .
‘ urges the commission to come forward with an initiative to ensure … ’
( the sitting was suspended at 7.20 p.m. and resumed at 9.00 p.m. )
your fifth question was whether the duration of fp7 should be synchronised with the financial perspectives to ensure a better coordination of planning activities ?
( it ) madam president , ladies and gentlemen , this is not only a debate among italians : this debate is , first and foremost , about europe .
agenda of the next sitting : see minutes
mr president , the members representing lo and the lcr will be voting against the prodi commission .
so i have correctly understood - they are not accepted. then we are still faced with the " threat ' which we referred to earlier .
the vote will take place tomorrow .
in this context , and in light of the most relevant parts of the report before us , i voted in favour .
i am confident that these measures , when endorsed and adopted , will bring the necessary improvements to our already solid food and feed safety systems .
we are going to be talking about financial services this afternoon , so i will not go into those now .
madam president , first of all , i would like to thank you for having set an example while chairing what is , in a way , the closing sitting of our part-session .
mr juncker , we place our trust in you .
for this reason , clear policy measures , a halt to rapidly increasing inequalities , and the improvement of living and working conditions are required .
– very well , you will have all the explanations you require .
if each sme had one more employee , unemployment would cease in europe .
i welcome mr colajanni 's report. i congratulate the irish presidency on its work and i hope that we can continue our efforts to bring peace to the middle east .
i look forward to continuing to work together with parliament in this regard .
whether in disguise or taken for granted , homophobia has no place in the european union .
for this reason , i call on the council to ask the commission to include these key areas in the eu 2020 strategy for the benefit of europe 's citizens .
question no 7 by arthur newens ( h-0126 / 99 )
before the vote on amendment no 8 :
. ( pt ) we wish to highlight four decisions taken at the helsinki european council meeting of 10 and 11 december , regardless of latter considerations , which merit the following comments :
mr president , europe has two raisons d 'être : peace and prosperity. it is seriously weakened on both counts , to say the least .
mr president , i would like to welcome both the president of the council and the president of the commission here this afternoon .
let us make sure that in this millennium people can enjoy cod from the irish sea just as much as they did in the last millennium .
( sk ) the european parliament 's motion for a resolution on the commission 's work programme for 2009 can be agreed in principle like the document expanding on this programme .
president of the commission . - first of all , regarding the issue of the funeral , i want to keep it completely separate from the rest .
( the sitting was suspended at 12.55 p.m. and resumed- at 3 p.m. )
( fr ) madam president , as already stated , the european union has been negotiating the conclusion of a free trade agreement with the gulf cooperation council for nearly 20 years .
the next item is the joint debate on the following seven motions for resolutions tabled by :
- before the vote on paragraph 4 :
thank you , mr bernard-reymond. i think the applause speaks for itself .
in writing . - ( ro ) in order to meet the eu 's energy targets , the existing ( electricity and gas ) grids normally need to be modernised to establish smart grids .
does the commission proposal put the present member states under excessive financial strain ?
. since the answer has already been given , i have nothing to add .
the vote will take place on thursday , 19 june 2003 .
subject : common eu code of practice for arms exports
why is it that the commission and others were not , perhaps , able to get their voices heard sufficiently in the press ?
social agencies , especially representatives of the vulnerable groups targeted by the programme , are involved in the procedures ,
the resolution does indeed , in points 5 and 20 , stress the importance of multi-lingualism , but for the moment that remains essentially a vain hope .
madam president , i should like to second mr fabre-aubrespy 's motion for the interinstitutional agreement to be referred back to committee .
the vote will take place at 5.30 p.m.
( for the results and other details of the vote : see minutes )
the commissioner responsible , mr solbes , has given us an initial presentation with regard to the approach and the timetable , and soon the relevant specific documents will be presented .
the annexes to the regulation are technical and should therefore be adaptable using the comitology procedure. i therefore cannot accept amendments nos 28 , 29 , 58 and 59 .
to conclude this debate , i have received one motion for a resolution . ( 1 )
written statements for entry in the register ( rule 116 ) : see minutes
i cannot and do not want to go any further as we are pushed for time. however , i must again congratulate our rapporteur , mr gallagher .
i should like to congratulate both the rapporteur and the commission on some excellent work which has been pioneering in terms of value for voters .
today , other considerations are undoubtedly important , but this is what the debate is about. my final vote will therefore be in favour .
. what could be expected from a resolution on the igc signed by the right , social democrats and greens ?
the inuit exemption will ensure that the interests of inuit and other indigenous communities traditionally engaged in the hunting of seals will not be adversely affected .
we shall now proceed to the vote .
i think it lapses but if the liberal group wants to support me i am very happy to receive their support .
with regard to civil cooperation , we hope to agree the rome iii regulation , a law that applies to marriages .
( el ) madam president , the commission communication on maritime policy for the european union aims to ensure the profitability of ship-owners and of the monopoly groups active in the sector .
intend to conduct research into this and if so , when will the commissioner be able to present an evaluation ?
education and training : mobility within the community
third , it is especially important to base all our planned activities on the needs of innovation as a whole , and to motivate business leaders accordingly .
the sitting was closed at 8.50 p.m.
i have received five motions for resolutions , pursuant to rule 37 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
4. taxation of unleaded petrol and gas oil (
i agree. mr poettering was not actually opposing the vote on this report but , as you wished to speak , i gave you the opportunity to do so .
b5-0127 / 01 by mr mccartin and mrs banotti , on behalf of the ppe ­ de group , on human rights in nigeria ;
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
4. to make full use of the data thus obtained via a moral obligation to report .
mr radwan , i must point out to you that it is not the bureau that sets our agenda but the conference of presidents .
finally , i think that we all agree that we cannot talk of a better europe , of a europe which is closer to the citizens , without commensurate financing .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11.00 a.m.
at the same time , the interests of all european farmers must be taken into account in the context of the common organisations of various markets .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , last december the european parliament held an in-depth debate on the discharge for implementation of the 1996 budget .
my question to you is : can you take a vote on mr caccavale 's proposal to delay discussion of mr bontempi 's report ?
mr president , i would like to make a personal statement pursuant to rule 122 , which allows the speaker three minutes. i shall not abuse the rule .
thank you very much , commissioner liikanen .
2. iran : the case of khadijeh moghaddam
( the president cut off the speaker )
green paper on urban transport ( debate )
finally , i turn to mr kindermann 's report on the proposal dealing with animal health issues as a consequence of the consolidation of the rules on food hygiene .
it only remains for me to thank the rapporteur for the wonderful work she has done .
the opposition in all member states to increased immigration from foreign cultures should be enough to persuade the european parliament to listen more to its electorate .
we need to break our old habit of having different countries saying different things and seeking different objectives. it is not easy but we must fight for it .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
the commission supports parliament 's initiative to invite oswaldo payá. our delegation in havana is in regular contact with him and is trying to facilitate the visit .
thank you very much , commissioner fischler .
furthermore , the artificial refilling of aquifers is not considered either , despite the fact that this is an essential phenomenon .
thank you very much , mr pasty. i repeat what i have already said to mrs hardstaff. you are right , and the minutes will be put right .
second revision of the acp-eu partnership agreement ( cotonou agreement ) ( debate )
but i must reiterate : in many member states it is only possible to publish the names of the airlines after the investigations and enforcement actions are finished .
i wish to ask a question regarding the agenda .
( the sitting was suspended at 15.05 and resumed at 15.10 )
ms harkin , your point is noted and we will do what we can .
yes , mr cornillet , the solution , here as elsewhere , is to trust the member states and the truly democratic institutions , namely the national parliaments .
( ga ) mr president , you have generously given everyone a chance to speak. therefore , i will respect the arrangement and speak for just one minute .
so , as far as breaches of the regulation are concerned , the member states must take action. naturally if shortcomings were noted , the commission would intervene as usual .
( the sitting was suspended at 11.55 a.m. and resumed at 12.00 noon )
finally , i should like to give the 20 seconds left to me to the next speaker .
mr president , i too would like to join my colleagues in thanking mrs jensen for her report and congratulating her on it .
thank you , mrs berger. may i congratulate you on your maiden report .
negotiations within the framework of the biological and toxin weapons convention following the recent anthrax attacks
subject : increasing road safety in developing countries
wonderful ! that sets a great example for the one-minute speeches to follow .
of course , i also appreciate the work carried out by mr funk and mr sturdy , but this evening i felt that i had to talk about this particular problem .
question no 1 by patricia mckenna ( h-1172 / 98 ) subject : convention on mutual legal assistance and lawful interception of telecommunications
( es ) madam president , this issue raises a question , just one question : at european level what can we do to give work to those who do not have it ?
the napoletano report on the urban question meets the aim of defining a " european urban strategy ' .
the vote will be on thursday .
are there any objections to the presentation of this oral amendment ?
we are very happy that the nurses from bulgaria and the doctors who escaped the death penalty in libya a short time ago are with us on this day .
will the council demand changes to turkish criminal law and raise specific cases like this one , involving people being imprisoned on political grounds ?
( the sitting was suspended at 5.15 p.m. , while awaiting question time scheduled at 5.30 p.m. )
on amendment 11 , i can reconsider the base line for the calculation of kilowatt days. however , member states need to be involved in this discussion .
23. genetically modified micro-organisms ( recast version ) (
we shall proceed to the vote on amendment no 15 , including the oral amendment .
in fact , prime minister verhofstadt himself is one of the outspoken champions of this turkish accession and refuses any referendum or democratic input on that subject .
the vote will be held tomorrow at 11 a.m.
mr habsburg-lothringen wishes to speak on a point of order .
thank you for your answer. as the president-in-office of the council must certainly have suspected , i am thinking of eu documents received by member states .
implementing measures ( rule 88 ) : see minutes
( the president cut the speaker off )
these two local examples show how far sexual violence is a reality for women today. they fully justify today 's parliamentary decision to respond with a european-wide campaign .
i can assure you that the political objective of this exercise is to make free movement of people easier , not more difficult .
2. do you share the official afghan view that iran is attempting to infiltrate foreign terrorists into the country under the cover of these deportations ?
on behalf of the european parliament , i would like to thank you for your contributions to promoting the idea of european integration amongst young people .
all the best to the slovenian presidency !
i believe it is an important step in ensuring clear and unambiguous information to consumers when they are purchasing processed foods .
mr posselt , i understand that , but we have agreed that we have a specific amount of time and each group has one minute of speaking time .
turkey is a country which , if it meets the copenhagen criteria , will be able to enter the union and must enter the european union .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 10 a.m.
. i abstained from voting on the european commission ’ s 2004 regular report and recommendations on turkey ’ s progress towards accession for the following reasons .
the vote will take place today at 12 noon .
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
mr president , i should briefly like to explain to my colleagues the thinking behind the conciliation over which i had the honour to preside .
many thanks once again to all my fellow members and for their attentiveness .
subject : negative impact on business of the international credit crisis
it is true that the attitude of the united states toward iraq , for example , is regrettable .
( parliament decided not to put the compromise amendment to the vote )
in response to the famous words of jean monnet , who said : ‘ if it were to be done again , i would begin with culture ’ , two remarks can be made :
( ro ) mr president , the main concern of european citizens is linked to keeping their jobs .
this is the first step in an ongoing project to improve the quality and the presentation of information concerning proceedings in the plenary , both for members and the public .
( de ) i believe that this would be a reasonable addition , because it will definitely play a role at the summit .
- b5-0016 / 2004 by glenys kinnock and margrietus j. van den berg , on behalf of the pse group , on the situation in zimbabwe ;
they have a different objective : pressure , specifically to ensure that the proposed treaty is ratified so that it can enter into force on 1 january 2009 , and propaganda .
turkey has not acknowledged the genocide in question and is still imposing its economic blockade on armenia .
very good , mr ford , we take note of your statement .
the palestinian people , like other peoples , have a right to a dignified existence that fulfils their aspirations .
oral questions and written declarations ( submission ) : see minutes
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12.00 noon .
this is why we really need to accentuate the role that health professionals have to play in this area .
we have seen some real change but also there is still good reason for keeping up a systematically organised dialogue with china on human rights .
digital television in the european union
finally , i believe that not only are bilateral relations with individual countries or with mercosur or the andean community important , but also relations with the whole of latin america .
programme of activities of the polish presidency of the council ( debate )
– b5-0014 / 2004 by mr van den berg and mrs sauquillo pérez del arco , on behalf of the group of the party of european socialists , on burundi ;
in the event of widowhood , divorce , separation or death an autonomous residence permit may be obtained if the person in question has been resident for at least one year .
it is therefore essential that our decisions be accompanied by all the necessary scientific precautions .
the vote will be taken tomorrow at 11 a.m.
1. classification , labelling and packaging of substances and mixtures (
secondly , starting now , the commission must put all its energy into helping to offer a new future in those places where jobs are being lost .
the only thing one might wonder is how people with so little ability to perceive what is going on around them have come to be so high up .
recent events have clearly demonstrated the need to retain such flexibility. therefore we cannot accept these amendments .
i abstained , because many of the amendments adopted have little to do with the original purpose of this text .
a two-state palestine is emerging , riddled by violence , sectarianism and fear , while a two-state solution to the conflict is moving further away .
this dictatorial approach without consultation with the industry and the fishermen is unacceptable and will be resisted to the bitter end .
firstly , i propose that the vote on the motions for resolutions tabled to close the debate on the eu-russia summit be moved to the next part-session in brussels .
short selling and certain aspects of credit default swaps ( debate )
studies , diagnostics , evaluations and resolutions are all necessary , but action is absolutely vital. the commission and the council should therefore heed our warning cry and lose no more time .
- before the vote on amendment 23 :
we know , nevertheless , that mount triglav in slovenia symbolises determination and accomplishment. let us hope therefore that it will be the symbol of 2008 !
these are the two proposals that i would like you to consider , and i hope that you will vote in favour of them tomorrow .
is it the commission 's view that the eu-colombia free trade agreement , as negotiated and initialled , will require ratification by the national parliaments of the eu member states ?
( demonstrators forced their way into the chamber chanting loudly ; protests from numerous members )
the court of auditors has also pointed out that individuals involved in auditing and control work should not take part in budget implementation measures ;
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolution :
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
2. support for the special court for sierra leone
let me be clear. the commission will not be making any proposals in areas relating to the delivery of health services. this is the responsibility of member states .
b5-0141 / 2001 , by mrs ainardi and mr miranda , on behalf of the gue / ngl group , on the earthquake in india ;
my congratulations once again to the rapporteur .
we therefore call on the commission , and the various international institutions , to develop appropriate means to measure , monitor and control such outstandings .
mr president , next i will tell the house what the presidency believes are the most important results of this summit in the three areas i have mentioned .
since the time allotted to questions to the commission has elapsed , questions nos 50 to 86 will be replied to in writing .
we do not object in principle to either turkey as a country or the turkish community , which has held cypriot nationality for several generations .
our alternative may be based on seven broad proposals
the debate on the garot report will resume at 3 p.m.
i would like to talk just briefly about some of the amendments tabled in the report by mrs smet .
may i welcome mr pascal lamy and immediately give him the floor .
we are running a little late. i would like to remind members that the more supplementary questions there are , the fewer questions on the list will naturally be asked .
last june , in response to a parliamentary question , i was informed that the matter was the subject of an investigation by the commission .
( the president cut the speaker off )
we shall make sure that the text is corrected .
( parliament adopted the legislative resolution and the resolution with successive votes )
' ... and recognizing the consistent follow-up by subsequent presidencies , starting with the italian presidency ... ' .
i should like to give you the results of the second ballot in the vote of the election of the ombudsman :
subject : intensification of preparations for war against iraq
a reform of structural funds is currently under debate within the framework of a timetable which provides for a new plan from the year 2000 .
can those members who oppose it please stand up ?
( the sitting was suspended at 11.55 a.m. and resumed at 12.00 noon )
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on thursday 8 september 2005 .
we welcome parliament ’ s proposals improving on points on which we disagreed with the commission ’ s proposal :
the meps of the communist party of greece condemn this policy and stand by and with the grass-roots movement in its fight against these measures .
i therefore thank you for your remarks and propose that we move on to the first question without further delay .
report ( a5-0266 / 2000 ) by mr rocard , on behalf of the committee on employment and social affairs , on supplementary health insurance ( 2000 / 2009 ( ini ) ) .
the same renault factory , which enjoys community aid and is closing production units built in the first place in order to receive them .
we also regret that the commissioner does not want to accept this procedural change in other reforms either .
the vote will take place at the end of the debates .
i have received four motions for resolutions tabled in accordance with rule 115 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure .
the vote will take place during the first part-session in may .
in recent years we have destroyed the budget line which dealt with disasters and provided an immediate and concrete contribution in unfortunate cases such as this .
i do not share the rapporteur 's view that political integration within the eu needs further strengthening. the eu should , first and foremost , be based on international cooperation .
the following amendments have been proposed .
as in previous years , for 2008 , the court gives an unqualified opinion on revenue and on commitments. the picture for payments , however , continues to be mixed .
questions nos 31 to 55 will be replied to in writing .
that is why i call upon my colleagues to reject these two resolutions about china .
in the name of equality , the censors and the dictators are here present .
( the sitting was suspended for a few minutes before voting commenced )
communication from the commission to the council and the european parliament : ' e-commerce and financial services ' [ com ( 2001 ) 66 - c5-0257 / 2001 - 2001 / 2119 ( cos ) ]
europe , after very rapid preparation , spoke with one voice at the washington summit. europe must therefore remain a driving force in the current debate on reforming international financial architecture .
the next item is the continuation of the debate on the common organisation of the market in the banana sector .
( the sitting was closed at 11.45 p.m. )
cross-border workers. the retired cross-border worker maintains his rights in the country in which he worked. what is new is that cross-border workers ' family members are also getting rights .
we should work towards ensuring that by 2003 , which is the european year for disabled persons , we have guaranteed that the majority of those barriers have been removed .
the green paper must also include a commitment to support the regions requiring substantial investment to counteract the effects of climate change .
does it intend to take practical steps to end all financial speculation which directly jeopardises the food security of millions of people ?
the vote will take place tomorrow , wednesday , at 12 noon .
furthermore , the subsidiarity principle has clearly been violated .
question no 64 by paul lannoye ( h-0789 / 96 )
so far , the greek programme is functioning well and i believe that the greek authorities will take all necessary future measures to fix their fiscal position .
the sitting was suspended at 12.55 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m.
thank you , mr seguro. i shall do so very willingly , on behalf of the whole parliament , and i believe that the applause shows that your request is well supported .
mr president , first of all , allow me to congratulate the rapporteur , mr ojeda sanz , on the excellent work that he has performed , together with all his colleagues .
member of the commission . - madam president , as has already been mentioned , my colleague ms kroes had a small accident so that is why she cannot be with us .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
subject : political responsibility for abuses that occur during eu military operations
mr president , i am delighted we are having this debate , as it is a crucial environmental issue , which is already of great concern to many people .
i wish anita gradin good luck - her work in the eu is now concerned with managing this problem and it will be no easy task .
i have received two motions for resolution , pursuant to rule 37 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
may i thank the commission for his thoughtful opening remarks and say how much we look forward to the commission response in due course .
the code stipulates that the ptt must seek prior authorization from the relevant authorities before acquiring or expanding operations in the cable networks sector , including cable television networks .
there could be a great deal more , but i believe that the report as a whole merits the congratulations of this house .
( sk ) madam president , the european union engages in negotiations on trade and economic agreements with all influential countries , within the bounds of its competence .
. mr president , i am impressed by the involvement of this house and i want to thank you for this important and stimulating debate .
the vote will take place shortly .
the vote will take place at the next part-session .
as vice-chairman of the committee on petitions , i should also like to express thanks for the proper and mutual transmission of cases , for the benefit of european citizens .
( the house rose and observed a minute ' s silence )
the european union needs to distance itself from the neo-liberal economic programmes that are being provided. we must reject the imf 's and world bank 's recipes .
mr president , commissioner , there is one initial , major objection that has to be raised against this proposal : that is , its total failure to consult the sector concerned .
question no 6 by david bowe ( h-0400 / 98 )
under these conditions , the proposal for european investment expenditure , supported by all the members of the left , simply serves to protect privileges and to artificially sustain already doomed systems .
in accordance with the provisions of our rules of procedure we shall now proceed to the election of the president .
the death penalty , which is practised in many parts of the world , is one of the most inhuman forms of law enforcement .
subject : european development days - maumoon abdul gayoom
mrs lulling , our services have told me that a corrigendum is being prepared. i hope it will be available as soon as possible .
( parliament adopted the joint resolution ) president. that concludes the vote .
thank you , commissioner , for giving such clear answers .
the next item is the report by edvard kožušník , on behalf of the committee on the internal market and consumer protection , on the future of european standardisation .
mr president , i would like to offer my sincere thanks to all the political parties and groups .
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
in writing . - ( sv ) we have essentially voted in favour of mr davies ' report on a strategy to reduce co2 emissions from cars .
fundamental rights in the european union ( 2009 ) - effective implementation after the entry into force of the treaty of lisbon ( debate )
the vote will take place on thursday .
written declarations included in the register ( rule 116 ) : see minutes
the decision has now been taken , but all those involved must learn a lesson for the future , so that events such as these are not repeated .
secondly , what do you think of the future slovenian council presidency 's announcement that it will work towards a date ?
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11.00 a.m.
( parliament rejected the motion for resolution )
question no 2 by josu ortuondo larrea ( h-0608 / 02 ) :
in the course of the last few decades , the pharmaceutical industry has made great progress , increasing life expectancy and eliminating a number of diseases .
in accordance with paragraph 2 of rule 37 , i have received seven motions for resolution .
alright , mr salafranca , it has been withdrawn and there is no need to vote on it .
the next item is the debate on the oral question to the commission by klaus-heiner lehne , on behalf of the committee on legal affairs , on judicial training - b7-0306 / 2010 ) .
( de ) ' the rejection of the treaty text by one european union country cannot mean that the ratifications which have already been carried out by 18 eu countries become invalid . '
to adopt , before the end of 2001 , a plan covering agricultural and health policies , to break down human resistance to antibiotics .
the army too , which did not intervene in the electoral process , must also continue with its strict observation of the constitutional order , as it has promised .
this movement needs to cover all areas of aviation , whether safety , security , the fight against noise pollution or more general environmental protection .
thirdly , for good or ill , i speak on behalf of the minority in the socialist group which opposed the denunciation of the inter-institutional agreement .
( the president cut off the speaker )
. mr president , we are here to discuss the barcelona process and the preparations for the next meeting of the euro-mediterranean parliamentary assembly .
madam president , before we vote on this paragraph , i ask you in your capacity as president to make a decision to declare the end of this paragraph inadmissible .
the next item is the joint debate on two reports and two oral questions :
by the same token , the commission has put forward measures on food hygiene , which are under examination both in the council and in parliament .
in conclusion , i would ask that the people have a say in the final decision : referendum or consultations …
the vote will take place at 5.30 p.m.
unfortunately i will have to leave the chamber in a few minutes. i do apologise for the inconvenience but i would like to have a straight answer .
in recital d , i believe that the reference to the results of the ecofin council of 14 december is , to say the least , a somewhat cavalier approach .
if the honourable member wishes to have more detailed information on specific activities , i suggest that she approaches the commission , which is responsible for the implementation of this programme .
the vote will be held at 11 a.m.
( parliament approved the proposal to defer the vote on the legislative resolution ) ii. honey ( com ( 95 ) 0722 - c4-0403 / 96-96 / 0114 ( cns ) )
assessment and management of environmental noise
interim partnership agreement between the ec and the pacific states - interim partnership agreement between the ec and the pacific states ( debate )
the european union and you , commissioner , need to be aware that this treatment is worth sustaining .
mr president , during the last part-session in brussels , we discussed the banana issue with regard to the financial assistance to be granted to acp countries suffering from reduced production .
mr president , i would also like to congratulate the rapporteur , gerhard schmid , and other colleagues on the committee .
mr president , i also back up the colleagues who have just spoken .
mrs green , this is not the time to continue with this subject. you can table your motion of censure and explain your group 's position in the debate .
those are the reasons why i voted for the deletions proposed by mr mitchell .
i am delighted to endorse the views of my fellow meps , and i should like to thank everyone who has helped establish this framework programme .
thirdly , to condense the currently six objectives of the structural funds into three ;
i should now like to take a few minutes to deal with each in turn .
i support the exceptions regarding children under the age of 12 providing fingerprints and i urge a review and harmonisation of the specific national laws .
it also achieves an optimum solution for the updating of technical standards , maintaining all the political issues under the codecision procedure , while leaving the technical details for comitology .
thank you , commissioner , and thank you for helping us this evening with so many questions .
i am happy to return to any of these points in detail and to answer points that any member may subsequently raise .
that concludes questions to the council .
immigration policy ought to be comprehensive and should cover a whole range of aspects :
the commission has taken note of your question , to which you will receive a reply .
the next item is the report ( a4-0289 / 98 ) by mr miranda , on behalf of the committee on budgetary control , on the discharge procedure for the 1996 budget :
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
i support the proposal for a european parliament recommendation to the council on an eu-brazil strategic partnership and i would like to congratulate the rapporteur .
history ignored becomes history repeated. over the centuries you ignored our lead and paid the price ! ignore our example now , and you are on your way to perdition .
we must , therefore , be extremely cautious , without going so far as to be obscurantist .
thank you , mrs roure , for this additional information. we will assess the situation when in brussels too , and then see what should be done .
mr veraldi 's report deals with all these matters and i therefore voted in favour of it .
i note that too , mrs breyer. we shall see what can be done .
5. european consensus on humanitarian aid (
on behalf of the ppe-de group . - my prepared speech has been brilliantly summarised by mr stubb , the rapporteur , so i should simply like to put two questions .
we can ensure that they integrate all modes of transport : soft transport , public transport , water transport - mr blokland is right - and rail transport .
. – mr president , i should like to request a roll-call vote on the motion for a resolution .
as the authors are not present , questions nos 16 and 17 lapse .
i have no further question , other than to thank the commissioner for that very clear and straightforward answer. we look forward to developments in the future .
i therefore voted in favour of the estrela report .
it would impose unnecessary bureaucracy on an already highly competitive and successful uk ports market .
finally , the mastorakis report includes worthwhile special proposals .
secondly , how efficient is the december 2004 regulation ?
i have to start by admiring the commission 's capacity to answer detailed and difficult questions on smes in greece .
croatia : we decide that negotiations with croatia will begin on 17 march but we postpone the negotiation process , even though the conditions are being complied with .
thank you again for your report .
regulation applying a scheme of generalised tariff preferences ( debate )
let me compliment the french presidency on holding this conference ' europe against alzheimer 's ' and the proactive role that it has adopted .
1. list of travel documents entitling the holder to cross the external borders and which may be endorsed with a visa (
the next item is the council and commission statements on the meeting of euro-mediterranean foreign ministers in valencia of 22 / 23 april 2002 and the situation in the middle east .
madam president , i would just like to say to mr stubb that lithuania does not gain in any of the cases he gave .
( the president cut off the speaker )
we welcome the initiative of the commission and the committee for increased cooperation between the eu and the countries of latin america .
i think the rapporteur 's approach to all this is fundamentally correct and i hope parliament will follow his lead .
mr allister , we congratulate you , as a representative of your home country , on the government of northern ireland .
( the sitting was closed at 10 : 55 p.m. )
that is the case of this report for which i voted out of respect for my colleague and out of solidarity for my group - but without any conviction .
( b5-0794 / 2001 ) by malmström , on behalf of the eldr group ;
thank you for telling us this news. it is sure to give us a great boost in our work .
( the speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under rule 149 ( 8 ) )
we are unable to take many supplementary questions today , and so that is the last i shall be allowing today .
i believe that the final formula proposed by mr lehne is satisfactory and i hope that we in my group can approve it .
those who seek to promote transparency should cease to skulk in the corridors and secretly record and film their colleagues .
the president cut the speaker off
the vote will take place shortly .
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
i fear , however , that saddam hussein 's recent attitude has not been moving in this direction .
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , i would like to congratulate my colleagues , and i think that we are all pulling in the same direction on this subject .
question no 34 by mark watts ( h-0864 / 98 )
thank you very much , mrs díez de rivera icaza. i shall do so .
we take note of your comment and we shall try to resolve any material problem that hinders the proper functioning of this house .
the next item is the debate on the council and commission statements on the humanitarian situation in sudan .
fifth , any agreement must be compatible with the high standards that prevail in europe concerning health and safety , consumer protection , and the protection of the natural and human environment .
1. independence of the operator , managers and supervisory authorities ,
i would like to thank the vice-president , mr onesta , and the secretary-general 's team for the work they have done in this area .
( fr ) madam president , minister , commissioner , i have listened to this long debate as a citizen .
fourthly , the approach for the release in two steps of the budget destined for the risk sharing finance facility .
british conservatives do not like to abstain in the fight against racism but must do so on this occasion for the above reasons .
impact assessment of the compromises reached in the doha negotiations on nama and services at the end of july 2008 ( debate )
all in all , the legislation before us will make an important contribution to improving health protection in europe , which will be of lasting benefit to patients .
the elimination of businesses that cannot sustain competition is part of the market economy , and , let me add , also part of the social market economy .
within the union , there are more than 27 different teacher training systems , but the challenges facing teachers are essentially common to all member states .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12.30 p.m.
sinn féin remains committed to supporting the basque peace process , will continue to meet all political parties in the region and will offer whatever assistance those parties deem appropriate .
( explanation of vote abbreviated in accordance with rule 137 ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure )
the vote on the commission statement on public procurement will take place at the next part-session .
madam president , i would just like to say i was present although i am not included in the list at the back .
request for urgent procedure : see minutes
mr president , it would seem logical just to vote on this amendment. if it is lost then the rapporteur can do what he wishes after that .
you are well aware that i do not do that. i may be wrong , but i do not do it !
needless to say , commissioner špidla , the social dialogue must work , but it has not. there is more to it for socialists such as ourselves .
we already know , given the traditions of all those involved and the scope of the commission proposals , that it will by no means be easy .
it is important to establish a new european security system through cooperation. deepening nato 's partnership for peace programme has a vital role to play in this constructive work .
in addition , the report calls for legislative proposals , comitology texts and other important documents to be put on the internet , thereby making information more readily available to the citizens .
lastly , detroit calls for us to pay close attention to failed states , or to any states that are in danger of becoming failed states due to their circumstances .
member of the commission . - mr president , i am very pleased to be here again today to discuss the second part of the internal energy market package , namely gas .
the text provides the union with new competences in order to defend itself in the event of certain anti-competitive practices on the part of third countries .
( the president cut off the speaker )
these are the reasons why we opposed this resolution .
we wish you all every success in the elections next year and in your current and future activities. a very warm welcome to you all .
the european investment bank should also comply with the århus convention , entailing an obligation of great openness towards the environmental movement. this should mean a big improvement .
ladies and gentlemen , since our last session , five journalists have unfortunately been killed in afghanistan .
the first objective of the eu delegation to pyongyang must therefore be to bring about discussions with the un rather than the us .
we shall now proceed to the election of a parliamentary vice-president .
the next item is the council and the commission statement on iraq .
i would ask you , as the european parliament , to address the matter more courageously and more realistically , regardless of the cooperation you may ensure with other organizations .
however , we reaffirm that it should be up to the powers responsible for destroying the bridges and , consequently , obstructing the danube , to pay the costs .
before the vote on amendment no 10 :
we are not therefore talking about imposing protectionist measures that hinder free trade , but rather about taking measures to combat unfair competition .
to carry out a study into the opportunities for bringing principles more closely into line at community level governing the tax treatment of works of art and artistic work ;
this is why i have voted in favour of the ' package ' .
i also have another question : what does the council intend to do ? what measures will it take to ensure that this kind of situation does not happen again ?
madam president , i thank my honourable friends for their cooperation , which allowed us to formulate the joint motion for a resolution .
in-depth reflection and a very wide-ranging basic debate prior to a directive laying down the rules to be adopted .
the vote will take place tomorrow ( tuesday , 21 september 2010 ) at 12 : 00 .
we hope that this can be done today in the committee on constitutional affairs .
the vote will be taken tomorrow at 11 a.m.
sixthly , based on what i have said , i support the rapporteur 's proposals and the warning that the court of auditors will intervene if the project fails .
mr president , i will be extremely brief as i am aware that parliament has other business to attend to .
thirdly , i am glad that the release of pnr data under the new agreement is aimed at the same 34 fields of data as in the earlier arrangement .
lastly , as part of the cotonou partnership agreements , europe can and must urge nigeria to respect its international commitments and to promote democracy and women 's rights .
i need no lectures about subsidies to tobacco producers , having consistently opposed them since election to this house .
( b5-0231 / 2002 ) by marset campos and others , on behalf of the gue / ngl group , on torrential rain in tenerife and climate change ;
death sentence in the united states
( es ) madam president , i must firstly congratulate my colleague , mr stockmann , on his magnificent report , and particularly on his patience and tenacity in taking this forward .
we look for concerted actions with asean on the energy front and for the commission to promote joint research projects with establishments in that region .
( protests and the president cut the speaker off )
on mobilisation of the european union solidarity fund : italy , the abruzzo earthquake and
we can still hope that the resolution adopted here will encourage the union to honour its commitments and to help developing countries keep pace with globalisation .
then there are security and justice matters , and also turkey , because a year ago we proposed giving our opinion on turkey. we did so .
does the council believes that it can continue to encourage police cooperation with a country that makes such generous concessions to known terrorists and drug traffickers ?
this law frustrates all efforts at reducing bureaucracy and the proposals for ‘ better lawmaking ’ .
we would like you to visit us in our homeland , cuba , for an award ceremony for the prize for freedom of thought in the near future .
the next item is the statement by mr solana on the situation in the middle east and iraq .
i now give the floor to mr maccormick for a supplementary question .
unmik is also currently consulting with various international financial organisations on how to give kosovo access to their funds in the absence of a decision on its final status .
we also note that it has the audacity to refer to a constitution that has been rejected in referendums in europe .
special pleading for farmers has no sympathy from me .
on behalf of my fellow members , we should like to ask whether or not you are ashamed to raise doubts about these four people ?
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
finally , let us not forget that the goals of the lisbon strategy will be best achieved by creating genuine and efficient transatlantic integration .
i hope that i have answered mr colom i naval ' s question .
( the sitting was suspended at 8.15 p.m. and resumed at 9 p.m. )
i will be happy to do so , mr staes .
the report therefore lays down precise conditions of admissibility and concrete procedures that make the process of achieving such an initiative extremely difficult .
the role of women is increasingly recognised ; there is significant and complete legislation on family duties and rights .
we now continue with the vote .
that is how to begin planning the future !
i understand that the position is that the british museum considers the british museum to be the best place to house the parthenon sculptures .
the next item is the vote .
fourthly , a common immigration policy must also be accompanied by a common fight against illegal immigration .
question no 1 by patricia mckenna ( h-0832 / 98 )
yes , that is what i intended to do , mr dell 'alba. thank you for your support .
the next item is the commission communication on the external relations package .
i will now address the issue of climate change - obviously , very superficially , because of the time constraints here .
while appreciating the progress already made in terms of modernisation in the region , full integration of the western balkans with the eu economic system should be pursued .
( fr ) madam president , i note that , throughout the previous debate , you referred to the debate that is now to take place as a debate on progress .
all the safety tonnage applications were submitted to the commission before 31 december 2001 , as required under council decision 97 / 413 / ec ( see article 4 ( 2 ) )
. ( el ) health is a blessing , not a commodity which can comply with the rules of competition .
in some non-european countries in the partnership , although some of the fundamental human rights have been recognised they are often not fully applied .
mr president , i welcome the report on eu relations with the pacific islands , and i especially want to congratulate the rapporteur , mr deva , on his results .
at the close of this debate , i have received one motion for a resolution ( 1 ) . the vote on this resolution will take place at 12 noon
madam president , commissioner , as if the war were not enough , another reason for increased numbers of victims has appeared at the same time .
i feel that better regulation of the sector will benefit not only consumers but also european tourism .
mr president , i just wish to comment briefly on some of the debate .
presentation by the council of the draft general budget for the 2010 financial year ( debate )
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the treaty of lisbon has been ratified by the 27 member states of europe and has an obligation to produce results .
( the house rose and gave sustained applause ) ( the formal sitting was closed at 12.50 p.m. )
madam president , my thanks to everyone for this debate , to the commissioner and to the minister , mr kármán .
parliament is honoured by your presence , just as it was two years ago in brussels when king albert ii of belgium came to inaugurate the espace léopold .
we want parliament to be more closely involved in discussing the implementation of the world summit commitments .
at last we have laid proper , solid foundations for the economic component of our economic and monetary union. i think it will now have a more stable basis .
either way , let us cut out the waste and let us , in this time of austerity , try and return some savings to our hard-pressed taxpayers .
mrs pack , you are absolutely correct. we will see that it is put right .
that is why i have not voted in favour of this report , which makes terrorists out of us .
mr president , this is a matter i remember very clearly , for it was first raised at the same time that denmark took up the presidency .
it will further contribute to the protection of our citizens ' health and for that reason i welcome its adoption .
the next item is the statements by the council and the commission on the millennium development goal 5 : maternal health .
mr crowley , i have not received any request of this nature .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12.30 a.m.
i gather that the five words in english come to eleven in the spanish text. in any event , this is a purely linguistic problem .
we wish to add the following text : ‘ … and questions the need for defiling the office of the prime minister to be a criminal offence ’ .
i have received seven motions for resolutions pursuant to rule 37 ( 2 ) .
9. agency for the management of large-scale it systems in the area of freedom , security and justice (
then we withdraw our request for a roll-call vote .
this is all i can say .
i shall be brief , as indeed i was earlier , since my first speech was three minutes under the allotted speaking time .
what steps is the council planning to take to help bring about a definitive clarification of the question of the status of kosovo before the end of 2006 ?
decisions concerning certain documents : see minutes
( the president cut off the speaker )
forwarding of texts adopted during the sitting : see minutes
we cannot let them down on the big political choices , we cannot allow ourselves to forget the everyday life of the people of europe !
we cannot therefore accept the objectives contained in this directive .
. ( de ) i voted to approve the accession treaties only under protest and out of solidarity with my future colleagues .
a review of this policy is therefore the best way of preventing and protecting against natural disasters .
– mr president , i wish to express my satisfaction with all the findings and proposals set out by the rapporteur and to make a number of comments .
in the delegation 's opinion it is necessary for environmental reasons , among others , to introduce 20 % compulsory modulation and to strengthen the cross-compliance system .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11.30 .
european union member states also support the establishment of the special united nations court for lebanon in the netherlands .
thirdly , further to the comment by the director-general for competition , is the commission prepared , based on the new information , to draw up a new proposal ?
10. insider dealing and market manipulation ( implementing powers conferred on the commission ) ( vote )
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i am afraid that the denials referred to by vice-president frattini in relation to the countries involved are extremely formal and unconvincing .
as the author is not present , question no 11 lapses .
secondly , as parliament , in its last debate , unanimously ...
seven , the fund should be outcome-driven as opposed to input-focused .
i based my assessment of the proposal and the submission of amendments on the aforementioned criteria .
i believe that the question of voting rights in this new agency should not be used as a subterfuge to allow the commission to dominate proceedings .
– mr posselt , mrs stauner and mr tannock , on behalf of the group of the european people ’ s party ( christian democrats ) and european democrats , on ukraine ( b5-0141 / 2004 ) ;
member states reaffirmed their commitment to pursue stability-oriented economic policies at the ecofin meeting on 1 may .
as the author is not present , question no 17 lapses .
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on 16 april 1999 .
the vote will take place at 11 a. m .
question no 36 by maría izquierdo rojo ( h-1225 / 98 ) subject : european city of culture candidates
during the vote on point iii ' human rights ' .
the vote will be taken tomorrow at 9 a.m.
a successful conclusion of the ongoing negotiations on a verification clause , giving the ec controllers satisfactory access to information about the use of ec funds .
another omission i identified in the commission document was the lack of a programme to educate young people about tobacco. they are the smokers of the future .
( pl ) mr president , today 's discussion concerns energy and environmental protection. the impact of greenhouse gas emissions on climate change is real , although other factors are currently being underestimated .
the next item is the debate on the following oral questions :
women are genuinely under-represented and we are trying to do our best to change that .
– the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolution :
i support this report , mr president , and i hope that it will be adopted at first reading .
member of the commission . - ( fr ) madam president , ladies and gentlemen , i think i should speak french today , so that is what i will do .
the vote will take place on thursday at 12 noon .
we are not actually voting on paragraph 13. because of the adoption of amendment no 1 there is no vote on paragraph 13 : it falls .
( the president cut off the speaker )
mr president , i should like to inform you that , on 29 september this year , portugal also ratified this treaty unanimously .
the european commission has just reached an air transport agreement with the united states which opens up new prospects for european air companies .
as they deal with the same subject , the following questions will be taken together :
the next item is the statement by the commission on urgent political matters of major importance. i call mr fischler , member of the commission .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
i wish to thank the shadow rapporteurs , the commission and the portuguese presidency. having greater openness on genetically modified organisms makes europe more democratic .
we support some parts , mr saryusz-wolski , but not other parts !
we will have a look at that and try to discover what has gone wrong .
firstly : the present system of support for production has under no circumstances presented problems such as to make its abolition necessary .
the next item is question time ( b5-0085 / 2003 )
the vote on the report by mrs renate weber and the report by mr peter skinner will take place today .
1. iran : the shirin ebadi case
thank you very much , mr president .
unless i am mistaken , we have skipped the oral amendment i mentioned earlier concerning condemnation of the attitude of the bahraini government. we should therefore proceed to the vote .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
the next item is the joint debate on :
we therefore wish mr al-debaqbasi and his colleagues a fruitful stay with us .
( the president cut off the speaker )
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , on the subject of equality and rights , i feel that this parliament shows a certain intolerance towards opinions that are not to its liking .
it is therefore high time that rating agencies were kept in check. however , the enhanced supervision of rating agencies should not be limited to the eu level alone .
finally , i would like to congratulate the rapporteur , mr dumitriu , on all his hard work and his proposals , a view which i believe all my fellow members share .
thank you very much , mr mcmahon .
relations between europe and asia will be developed further at the asem summit in copenhagen in september .
resolution " charter on fundamental rights " ( b5-0767 / 2000 )
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
but if i were a member of parliament , i should think thrice before celebrating this as a parliamentary triumph .
the good old international community , despite its meddling in terrorist laws and rapid reaction forces , has done nothing to ban depleted uranium weapons .
a5-0069 / 2002 by mr goebbels on insider dealing and market manipulation ( market abuse ) ( com ( 2001 ) 281 - c5-0262 / 2001 - 2001 / 0118 ( cod ) ) .
i think you were out of order .
the vote will take place at 6.30 p.m.
i call on the commission to improve the structural measures and so open up the way for a compromise which is fundamentally in accordance with your proposals .
perhaps i can compensate for the length of my statement to some extent by answering what you have just said with a simple and sincere yes .
mr president , i , as a long-standing rapporteur on this issue within this parliament , welcome the eu-india summit , which is due to take place very soon .
this proposal should have removed the obstacles to women 's access to self-employment , by providing for measures or specific advantages designed to make it easier to engage in self-employed activities .
my thanks , mr president , to the rapporteurs and those honourable members who have spoken. i shall try to deal briefly with some of the questions raised .
i would like in particular to applaud the immediate public reaction of commissioner georgieva , who arrived in santiago yesterday to visit the areas concerned .
this activity is supremely important within the european economic area as it enables the open and competitive market of which we are nowadays so proud .
will the commission be more alert to the role of european industry in europe 's survival ?
today we are looking at a glass which is certainly only half full , but is gradually filling up .
the next item is questions to the commission ( b6-0013 / 2006 ) .
. we warmly welcome the fact that some of the proposals we tabled were adopted , which were as follows :
the euratom supply agency has , during its more than 45 years of existence , helped to ensure the supply of nuclear fuels for the benefit of community users .
( the sitting was closed at 17 : 00 )
the european parliament can count on the commission to support the terms of this resolution in the forthcoming debate .
the vote will be taken tomorrow at 10 a.m.
composition of committees and delegations : see minutes
does anyone else wish to speak in support of the motion ?
( b5-0781 / 2001 ) by sylla and miranda , on behalf of the gue / ngl group ;
and we wonder if the stockholm council will at least take an interest in the slump in the new market and the consequences for consumers .
mr paasilinna said the website could be developed in that direction. we already have direct access to all national or regional ombudsman websites , but this could be further developed .
it is for this reason that the european union is sending troops into the region. mr watson is right. some european union member states are sending troops .
the eu policy coherence for development and the ' official development assistance plus concept ' ( short presentation )
thank you for that point , mr swoboda ; it clearly is an exception. but i thank the house for its agreement .
communities ' draft general budget for 1997
question no 31 is inadmissible ( annex ii , part a , paragraph 2 of the rules of procedure ) .
josé borrell fontelles has obtained an absolute majority of the votes cast and is therefore elected president of parliament .
in writing . - ( pt ) in recent decades , european rural areas have been increasingly abandoned , a trend which has been accompanied by a gradual ageing of the population .
thirdly , the importance of the euro-mediterranean area. that is the natural area of competition for the european industry. i will come back to this. we have projects concerning it .
( the president cut the speaker off )
the number of criticisms is nonetheless dwarfed by the overall positive result. i should like to thank all the participants and all my colleagues who helped in this endeavour .
finally , the commission has to reject various amendments seeking to insert in a community act recitals which state that this same act should not be adopted .
mr president , regarding the polfer report , the conservatives did vote with the rapporteur on the issue of the south caucasus .
question no 10 by mr arthur newens ( h-0392 / 97 )
the people have spoken. the treaty cannot be legitimate without their consent. the european council must listen. we must have a referendum .
the european globalisation adjustment fund ( egf ) was created to provide additional support to workers who are suffering the consequences of major structural changes in world trade patterns .
i urge the house to recommend to the committee on the rules of procedure that an overall majority is needed to change the responsibilities of committees .
7. excise duty on rum ( vote )
to conclude , amendments 1 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 9 , 12 , 13 , 15 and 16 are partially acceptable or acceptable in principle. the other amendments cannot be accepted .
the same is true of the indicators , including molluscs , and i want to emphasise the importance of water analysis for health .
mr berthu , i am not in the habit of making comments , of course , but i must say you have taken a really very prophetic tone .
( it ) mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i wanted to say that i voted in favour of the report despite the fact that our two amendments were not accepted .
firstly , we must remember the scale of poverty amongst women. most of the 60 million people living beneath the poverty line in the eu are women .
the vote will take place on thursday , 17 january 2008 .
mr president , you are not only a president but also a wise african .
finally , mr president , i come to the scarbonchi report on the fifth annual report by the european observatory for smes .
what diplomatic initiatives will the council take to further the rapprochement between armenia and azerbaijan , settle their bilateral differences , and promote cooperation between the two countries ?
b5 ­ 0660 / 2000 by mrs sauquillo pérez del arco , on behalf of the group of the party of european socialists , on burundi ;
the rapporteur also rightly emphasises the need to involve civil society in the prevention of organised crime .
when labelling comes in the door , sense flies out the window ...
( the president cut off the speaker )
madam president , this is essentially the content of the amendment our committee is presenting to the report we are debating .
concerning the introduction of flexibility in the authorisation procedure , some amendments improve the commission 's proposal as they take account of the needs of minor species and non-food producing animals .
i am voting in favour of maintaining the balance of power between political groups in the vice-presidencies of parliament .
the rapporteur rightly criticises these shortcomings and has proposed highly appropriate solutions , with which we agree .
mutual respect and partnership are best expressed in open dialogue on all matters including those on which there are divergent views .
( the president cut the speaker off )
i declare the session of the european parliament adjourned .
mr färm will open the debate in his capacity as general rapporteur .
i voted in favour of the resolution because i agree with the commission 's proposal and with the amendments to it tabled by parliament .
these positions are contained in the relevant amendments tabled by the european parliament , which is why i supported them , but are not included in the council 's common position .
the socialist group will support the european market model of codecision and codetermination. we reject short-termism and we expect financial and economic returns for our citizens .
it is a celebration that will mark the end of the long journey we have made together with the goal of jointly achieving the unification of europe .
in addition to these measures to simplify and strengthen people 's rights , i should like to emphasise two more :
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
india deserves its own dedicated european parliament delegation .
the underlying transactions in the area of administrative expenditure were essentially lawful and regular , and the supervision and control systems generally worked in an appropriate manner .
cooperation with former yugoslavia has been allocated ecu 259 million in commitment appropriations , in accordance with the preliminary draft budget , and ecu 180 million in payment appropriations .
how then do i sum up our creative achievements ? members of parliament , i leave the decision to you .
does any member wish to speak against this proposal ?
i do not think that the matter you have raised is within this parliament 's competence .
may we ask my fellow members whether they are aware of whose hands they are playing into by their present actions ?
the sitting was suspended at 12.45 p.m. and resumed at 1 p.m.
mr president , i want to thank mr tillich for his report and congratulate him on trying so hard to represent almost everybody 's point of view .
the next item is the report by lasse lehtinen , on behalf of the committee on the internal market and consumer protection , on the eu consumer policy strategy 2007-2013 .
( the request for referral back to committee was rejected )
agency for the management of large-scale it systems in the area of freedom , security and justice ( debate )
( for the results and other details on the vote : see minutes ) .
( de ) mr president , ladies and gentlemen , you have received this in writing. i am in favour of our adding a phrase with the following wording in english :
finally , i wish to thank the rapporteur , mr manders , once more .
in one area alone - liverpool and merseyside - the lack of support by the uk treasury is putting at risk the creation of
i voted in favour of the hieronymi report .
mrs mowlam , you have the floor .
and this was absolutely demonstrated by the debacle around the december fishing council and the decisions on quotas .
mr president , mr barroso , ladies and gentlemen , in its session today , the commission approved the new swift agreement , and did so by a large majority or even unanimously .
i declare opened the 1999-2000 session of the european parliament .
( the president cut off the speaker )
mrs ahern , please put your question .
wake up , wretched europe , and remember your christian roots !
g20 summit in pittsburgh ( 24-25 september ) ( debate )
i am very happy to recommend discharge for the european foundation in dublin .
i would like to ask the president of the european central bank the following questions .
the vote will take place today at 12 noon .
amongst the amendments that have been accepted , i would highlight the following :
( ga ) therefore , i think that this report represents considerable progress towards solving those problems and i welcome it and was glad to vote in favour of it .
to close , i should like to protest about the time at which this very important subject was tabled for debate .
stepping up the fight against undeclared work ( short presentation )
( nl ) ... and then a section will be deleted. the section that is going to be deleted reads as follows :
10 . 2008 discharge : community fisheries control agency
finally , i should like to congratulate mrs figueiredo on a very well-prepared report .
( fr ) mr president , ' shambles ' , ' chaos ' , ' paralysis ' , ' cacophony ' , ' catastrophe ' , ' disaster ' : the press is not lacking for words to describe the closure of european airspace and its consequences .
parliament completed its first reading of this regulation in july 2007. the council adopted its common position on 18 april 2008 .
the next item is the debate on five motions for resolutions on south korea - death penalty declared legal .
c. the requirement for a safety data sheet from the manufacturers of most unclassified preparations ;
in conclusion , the ind / dem group will vote against the 2007 budget and we trust that other members of the house will do likewise .
the commission will endeavour to follow up on all these issues as well as resolutions from the european parliament in due time .
– awareness-raising activities and dissemination of information ,
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
we shall now proceed to the vote .
. mr president , mrs ždanoka , ladies and gentlemen , i would like to thank the european parliament and especially the rapporteur , mrs ždanoka , for an excellent report .
thank you , mrs garcía arias. i believe you heard correctly , but that is a quite legitimate contribution to the debate .
this is , therefore , a success because air quality will be improved , but also because jobs will be safeguarded and the sector 's performance levels raised throughout the european union .
in conclusion , we reject the creation of ports of convenience and self-handling at terminals .
the next item is a joint debate on :
action on climate change and energy security had made yours a noteworthy presidency. securing agreement for reform of our union has made it a great presidency .
before i give the floor to sir leon , mr kittelmann has asked to speak on a point of order or to make a personal statement .
the next item is the oral question ( b5-0012 / 2000 ) by mrs morgantini and others , to the commission , on the irregular application of the ec-israel trade agreement .
if we want to prevent europe from remaining simply an unidentified social object for workers , we must arm ourselves with the means of guaranteeing their basic rights .
the general system so set up for the mutual recognition of diplomas and qualifications means that liberal professionals may exercise their activities in any member state .
i endorsed the resolution on players ' agents in sports .
... but that is not my main point. mr cohn-bendit , you will undoubtedly have an opportunity to express your views. as a democrat , kindly let me express mine .
. irish superstars boyzone and the corrs have asked the european parliament to protect their music in the age of the internet .
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
mr president , i am pleased that the thief from the security service has been identified , which i hope will mean that our offices are safe again .
we must also remember that the view is still widely held in israel that jerusalem will always be the indivisible capital of the state of israel .
i would like to notify you that i have received a proposal for a resolution pursuant to rule 37 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
this presidency also takes note that you are desperate for a mediterranean holiday. we shall ask the italian delegation to invite you down .
we are talking about rights , plurality and freedom. unfortunately , certain people do not believe in this yet .
3. combating cigarette smuggling ( ec-philip morris agreement ) ( vote )
however , i voted against the report because , while the general framework is right , some of the features proposed by my fellow member are unacceptable .
you might like to mull over this simple piece of advice , mr walter , before you make such ridiculous statements again .
the vote will take place at noon tomorrow .
. i am sure we would all join in sending good wishes and a speedy recovery to mr fitzsimons : a colourful man .
. this report contains a number of contradictions .
we meps of the greek communist party clearly express our opposition to the bolkenstein directive and are fighting with the workers to get it repealed .
. i have voted for turkey 's progress towards accession despite having serious reservations .
economic growth , investment in innovation and training , and fighting unemployment are fundamental pillars for europe 's integration to continue , and they are also mr barroso 's priorities for the future .
we shall now proceed to the vote .
implementing trade policy through efficient import and export rules and procedures ( debate )
as the author is not present , question no 50 lapses .
subject : european corporate tax reform policy
( the president cut the speaker off )
in conclusion , i should like to emphasise that the law should benefit sexual majorities as well as sexual minorities .
tax revenue and the reduction of allowances and subsidies to tenants , pensioners , farmers and the working classes as a whole have been channelled into funding the monopolies .
mr mulder , on behalf of the group of the european liberal , democratic and reformist party , now has the floor .
( the sitting was suspended at 11.55 a.m. and resumed at 12 noon )
3. free trade agreement between the eu and the republic of korea (
for this reason , there was obviously no question of the new recovery plan being implemented without consulting the european parliament .
( explanation of vote abbreviated in accordance with rule 170 of the rules of procedure )
i hope this meeting will mark a new stage in the necessary rapprochement between the countries and towns we represent .
i shall therefore only comment on four important points :
military training is not covered under the term ' military operations ' . it is essential that this be excluded from the scope of the regulation .
the joint research centre must become a reference centre serving the concerns of the european parliament and hence of the citizen .
if amendment 15 is adopted , the pse group proposes that the amended text be inserted after paragraph 25 .
( the president put the proposal to the house which decided to end voting time )
the entry into force of the amendment to the regulation establishing the agency gives it powers to evaluate training for sailors provided in third countries .
congratulations again to mr linkohr and to mr busquin .
this report aims to do its best to prevent this situation from taking place and therefore deserves my vote .
the states of europe must assist the least well-off citizens by providing them with free services .
in view of this fact , therefore , i endorse the proposed amendments , which are clearly in alignment with the changes in our constantly growing europe .
on data breach notification ( article 2 ( h ) and 4 ( 3 ) - eprivacy directive )
in conjunction with this debate , i have received six motions for resolutions , which were submitted in accordance with rule 37.2 of the rules of procedure
the next item is the report ( a6-0106 / 2006 ) by wolf klinz , on behalf of the committee on economic and monetary affairs , on asset management ( 2006 / 2037 ( ini ) ) .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 9 a.m.
i should like to conclude by pointing out that the commission is striving for a directive that is sufficiently comprehensive to enable the achievement of these important environmental objectives .
- ( sv ) we believe that the eu ought to subscribe to the european convention on human rights .
( es ) mr president , the treaty of lisbon has opened a new chapter for this parliament , but also for the council and the commission .
– improving the quality of life through the broadening of public services and the creation of jobs ,
the oral amendment proposes inserting the words ' prevention ' and ' recovery ' , meaning that the call to evaluate and review laws would concern ' harm reduction , prevention and recovery policies ' .
temporary committee on climate change ( extension of term of office ) : see minutes
i also support the proposal in the report that there should be more information on parliament 's website on members ' activities and attendance .
. ( fr ) every day , tobacco kills more people , and every year , over 500 000 europeans die from smoking or passive smoking .
over the past decade , ireland has been progressively reducing its taxation which has been led to an increase in employment , an increase in budget surplus and continued sustainable growth .
subject : computer systems and the year 2000
i will make sure that the president is fully apprised of that and that is so done .
let us stick to all the things we can do together at european level. that is the best european good governance we can have .
economic rapprochement and respect for the rules of healthy competition without dumping or disloyal manoeuvres ;
the next item is the joint debate on the following four reports :
ii. the proposal for a european parliament and council directive amending the directives on maritime safety and the prevention of pollution from ships [ com ( 2000 ) 489 - c5-0476 / 2000 - 2000 / 0237 ( cod ) ]
( the sitting was opened at 9.10 a.m. )
secondly , the more political part : elections , human rights , greater democracy. in this area the osce will play an important part in close co-operation with the council of europe .
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , first of all , i would like to congratulate mr iturgaiz angulo on his work .
having taken note of this , we shall proceed to the vote on amendment 292 .
nonetheless , we accept that this directive does represent an improvement for employees on information and consultation , compared with the july 2001 directive .
according to that principle , total revenue covers total expenditure without any specific link between a given item of revenue and a given item of expenditure .
the report calls on the commission to create a global strategy for mountain regions and hill and mountain farming .
as far as the current temperature in the chamber is concerned , the union probably would not allow work to be done under these conditions .
( the president cut off the speaker )
the vote on these will take place on wednesday at 12 noon .
as you know , this report relates to the overall strategy in relations between the european union and the gulf cooperation council .
thank you , mr blak. so , yes , the referees , like both teams indeed , were excellent .
the next item is the report by mr salafranca sánchez-neyra , on behalf of the committee on foreign affairs , on the eu strategy for relations with latin america .
education and training are key areas in which these countries also have to make progress or else have no future , as their young people will otherwise leave .
to conclude , i strongly condemn the french government 's decision to forcibly repatriate afghans who have fled the war in their country .
mr president , i shall try to be commissioner monti for a few minutes .
. i have voted for the joint motion for a resolution on cuba , but it is missing several important facts in the political context .
the next item is the statement by the council on the refusal to approve the draft agreement with south africa negotiated by the commission .
as a democrat i am particularly struck by two amendments relating to the corbett report , for i do not think these could have been meant seriously .
implementing measures ( rule 88 ) : see minutes
and it is our responsibility , as political leaders , to conceive bold initiatives in order to make this happen .
- to what is termed the ‘ fight against terrorism ’ – which involves stepping up security measures and their use to remove powers from states or to militarise international relations ;
no reservation was made ; the question has been referred back to the committee on constitutional affairs and it seems that , finally , we are going to reach an agreement today .
the european union has no other partner in the world with whom to share the basic values of freedom , the rule of law and defence of human rights .
rapporteur . - mr president , i would first like to respond to some of the points raised .
i also mentioned the need to consult the committee of the regions , for instance , in the document i have just referred to .
mr ribeiro e castro , your views will certainly be conveyed to the council and to the president .
( parliament agreed to accept the oral amendment )
ladies and gentlemen , allow me once again to thank mr adam for the excellent report he has put before us .
( the sitting was suspended at 1.24 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
in its proposal , the commission favoured a targeted amendment to deliver specifically on member states ' requests for an opt-out clause. it did not touch other articles .
we can be proud of what we have achieved .
mr verhofstadt , thank you very much for your marvellous speech .
consequently , we should vote on the report and amendment together , but we should not vote on the second part of the paragraph in question .
before the vote on paragraph 10 :
recommendation for second reading by mr seal
what measures does the european commission envisage taking to reduce the education drop-out rate ?
for all of these reasons , mr president , i shall vote against the amendment to article 3 , even as a compromise wording for the legislative proposal .
thank you very much , mrs bonino .
there is therefore only one appropriate course of action : to bury the ‘ european constitution ’ once and for all .
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on thursday , 5 june 2008 .
does the president agree that the first follow-up conference in the ottawa process in vienna was a success , partly because it was attended by more than 100 countries ?
we refuse to validate the visa waiver requested for serbia , macedonia , montenegro , albania , and bosnia and herzegovina .
( parliament rejected the amendment by show of hand , verified electronically )
as in all negotiations , compromises had to be found in certain areas but the results are a balanced package assuring market access while preserving specific sensitivities .
thank you for your efforts , mrs sauquillo .
the vote will take place today , at 6.00 p.m.
from an irish perspective , we make the working assumption that the elimination of hazardous substances includes the prohibition on discharging radioactive substances as well .
thte vote will take place at noon tomorrow .
thank you , commissioner and colleagues. i thank the interpreters for their indulgence with our over-run .
the next item is voting time .
we should however be fully aware that work will begin afresh with tomorrow ’ s vote. all that this vote must therefore do is to send out a clear signal .
( the president cut the speaker off )
i declare adjourned the session of the european parliament .
i hope this white paper will push the eu in the right direction and will result in some tangible policy action .
31 . 2007 discharge : community fisheries control agency (
over the last few months , all members of the commission have been available to discuss the commission 's priorities in their areas of responsibility before the relevant parliamentary committees .
written statements for entry in the register ( rule 116 ) : see minutes
mr president , contrary to appearances , the chocolate dossier is not at all frivolous .
the tsunami disaster devastated the coastal areas of numerous asian countries and , besides tourism , the fisheries and aquaculture sector of these countries was the most affected .
before the vote on block 3 :
so what is the statement doing ? i have no time , so i will try to mention only a few points .
question no 20 by nuala ahern ( h-0976 / 96 )
first , to build measures to further trust , social cohesion and security .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12.00 noon .
subject : cooperation between vojvodina and eastern croatia
in future we must base our decisions on totally scientific facts and not hyped-up misinformation put forward by the media and the press .
as for amendments nos 26 and 46 , we consider that the commission 's initial proposal covers that issue sufficiently well .
mr president , not only am i right-wing in orientation , but i also sit on the right .
the current sales dynamic does not allow fluctuations in production costs , including oil , to impact on fish prices ; the current import policy contributes to this , amongst other factors .
the development of a specific infrastructure in less developed countries could certainly combat the irresponsible use of chemicals which would otherwise damage the ecology , economy and working conditions .
this initiative , which was launched by the czech and swedish presidencies , has been discussed here previously on a number of occasions , including with my colleague , mrs carlsson .
if we take a broader range of safety indicators , overall data show that railway safety standards in europe are generally very high .
mr president , i thank the president-in-office both for the answer he gave me and for the sensitivity which his answer shows .
the commission will continue to monitor the situation and keep pressure on the eu banks for the establishment of more efficient cross-border retail payment systems .
mr president , i must thank commissioner de silguy and say that , with regard to the minor details , we can certainly reach agreement on the deadlines .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
29 . 2007 discharge : european agency for safety and health at work (
i am told that your suggestion is still being examined and that no satisfactory solution has yet been found .
i have today also signed a statement by some of my nordic colleagues condemning the conversion of the union into a military alliance .
the minutes of the last sitting have been distributed .
the next item is the council and commission statements on the passenger name record ( pnr ) .
the next item is the debate on the report ( a5-0009 / 2002 ) by mrs hermange , on behalf of the committee on employment and social affairs , on illiteracy and social exclusion ( 2001 / 2340 ( ini ) ) .
the next item is the debate on five motions for resolution on ukraine : the cases of yulia tymoshenko and other members of the former government .
( the sitting was suspended until 5.30 p.m. )
it is also important that organ donation remains strictly ' non-commercial ' but the conditions under which financial compensation can be offered must be defined .
the next item is the debate on the state of the union including the main policy priorities of the commission 's annual programme for 1998 .
the second question is : what is the best way to help improve the quality of european administration from the point view of the citizen ?
just by way of explanation , this is the third in a triad of reports on the use of pesticides .
i therefore voted in favour of the ferreira report .
the service sector acts as a catalyst for future growth , and the opportunities that it offers should be exploited to the full .
election of vice-presidents of the european parliament ( deadline for submitting nominations ) : see minutes
bearing in mind that we speak the same language , our neighbours from across the river prut can benefit from romania 's expertise in absolutely every area .
nevertheless , once again the report glosses over the causes at the root of this intolerable situation .
does the commission feel that cross-border business activities are being impeded , and the internal market frustrated ? what does it intend to do about this ?
( the president cut off the speaker )
( the sitting was suspended at 2 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
. – mr president , the proposal by the european commission to create a european security research programme is an initiative which moves in the right direction .
subject : member state seat allocations in the european parliament
i had better clarify the first part of my answer. belgium has signed , but has not ratified the treaty .
. – mr president , commissioner , first i should like to congratulate the rapporteur , mrs gál , on her exceptional work .
finally , i should like to remind you that these principles constitute the hard core of international law on vested interests .
mrs lambert said just now that a lot of domestic work is quite skilled , and we must identify such work and promote it and promote the skills involved .
its presidency was capable , efficient , and dynamic. it is a hard act to follow .
the fine gael meps believe an eu ccctb would lead eventually to the establishment of a single tax rate in europe and are strongly against it .
the vote will be taken tomorrow at 9.00 a.m.
the vote will take place today at 11 p.m.
our european legislation on gmos guarantees an individual and thorough risk assessment of each gmo product placed on the european market .
i voted in favour of the florenz report because i agree with the recommendations made with regard to the future integrated policy on climate change .
( fr ) mr president , you did indicate earlier that you were not all-powerful : nonetheless , i am sure you are powerful enough to implement decisions by the conference of presidents .
the 4th motor insurance directive also ensures assistance for accident victims by setting up information centres in each member state .
to go back to mrs sandbæk 's expression concerning a cat , i see that we could spend another hour playing cat and mouse on this subject .
the us administration has earmarked usd 600 billion for military spending in its budget ;
article 13 is the starting point for a new eu objective : to combat discrimination or inequality in the treatment of citizens for the reasons listed therein .
besides , there are some directives and international documents protecting older and physically disabled people and these have not been applied by the member states .
i fully share the concerns expressed by honourable members on the mass atrocities in jos and i would like to assure you that they triggered a resolute eu response .
ladies and gentlemen , we are acting pursuant to the rules of procedure , which we adopted together .
instead of sending out negative signals , the eu should deal constructively with turkey. in this house , we have decided by a majority that , with turkey , we ...
i should like to make three points. first , we are really worried about the lack of timely and efficient reaction by unpol and other international forces to these attacks .
what i say is : we have had enough. it cannot go on. i ask all of you to say likewise .
monitoring mechanism for greenhouse gas emissions
notwithstanding these concerns , we must act in concert to address the common threat of climate change and environmental pollution .
( es ) mr president , next weekend the council of agriculture ministers will likely take the political decision on this reform of the com in wine .
the commission can also , in principle , approve amendment no 60 , according to which a timetable is required for implementing the commission ' s proposal to limit discharges of prioritised substances .
19. bi-annual evaluation of the eu belarus dialogue ( vote )
i have received seven motions for resolutions tabled pursuant to rule 40 ( 5 ) to wind up this debate .
madam president-in-office , european union relations with the people 's republic of china are complex .
thank you , mr barón crespo. i believe that mr poettering agreed to include the report in the agenda of the july part-session .
congratulations to mr corbett for knuckling down time and again to further develop parliament. thank you very much .
market organization in beef and veal
mr president , on the basis of rule 19 ( 4 ) of our rules of procedure , i should like to offer you my thanks and my congratulations .
climate change ( motions for resolutions tabled ) : see minutes
the next item is the oral question to the commission by brian simpson , on behalf of the committee on transport and tourism , on the volcanic ash crisis ( b7-0217 / 10 ) .
excuse me , you have the floor in order to answer a personal question , not to give a speech on this , and you have already responded to the personal question .
it is also proposed that the commission should conduct an interim evaluation by 2010 to assess the quality and efficiency of the implementation of the programme .
three years on , that legislation is still not in place .
subject : commission position on joint spanish-british fisheries undertakings
the conservation of biodiversity and ecosystems is an emergency that we are ignoring , or rather , we are not giving it our due attention .
what are the results of that elucidation ?
request for waiver of parliamentary immunity : see minutes
for now , then , let us refer the work to the committee for its meeting tonight and see what emerges from that .
i would now like to mention some other activities that i have undertaken during 2006 with a view to ensuring the best possible service to citizens .
it will be recalled that the nato summit decided to invite croatia to begin accession talks , whilst those with the fyrom were postponed .
mr president , i find it irresponsible that such an important debate should be postponed .
but eliminating waste of energy is positive in its own right and from a purely selfish point of view ; improving energy efficiency should cut costs for households and businesses .
i must point out that the european parliament , in its wisdom , took that decision .
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
a vote of censure against the european commission is a serious act , and we should admit that it may not be the best way of dealing with this situation .
first of all , simply by eliminating child poverty we would be able to escape the vicious circle of generations condemned to a life of poverty and social exclusion .
i want to thank you once again for a very responsible and substantive debate and congratulate the rapporteurs on their important contributions to this debate .
bearing in mind respect for the principles of subsidiarity and proportionality , this report presents proposals which i regard as important .
question no 8 has been withdrawn. as the author is not present , question no 9 lapses .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12.30 p.m.
subject : europol register of wanted persons
i am also of the belief that the technology platforms will be of enormous benefit to european industry .
thank you very much , mrs de palacio .
not , however , in just any old way. otherwise , the time will come when we shall make the balkan countries and turkey pay for our attitude towards bulgaria and romania .
could the council please state clearly its position on the importance of tobacco-growing jobs in mediterranean areas ? the explanation you just gave was not really clear .
in what way are mi6 's espionage activities directed at civil servants from other eu member states consistent with the british government 's aspiration towards " moral leadership ' in europe ?
- madam president , i wholeheartedly support europe 's moves to become an eco-friendly continent. this measure is yet further proof of the eu 's commitment to greening up its act .
absolutely , i do not think that will pose a problem .
accordingly , if a point of order turns out not to be one , the president will cut off the speaker .
( the president cut off the speaker )
mr president , i would like to start by congratulating you on your re-election .
we do not do this arbitrarily. we do it in accordance with precedence and practice established over many years .
this is why we eventually voted against the report .
( the sitting was suspended at 16.25 )
( by electronic vote ( members voting : 621 ; in favour : 334 ; blank papers : 287 ) , parliament elected lászló tőkés )
. the commission ’ s main objective in tabling this proposal for a regulation to recover eel stocks is to set up national eel management plans .
romano prodi 's ambitions in the human and social sectors are therefore too slight to persuade me to vote in favour of his nomination .
unfortunately mr mitchell is not in the chamber ...
( the president declared the common position approved )
( et ) i would like to explain why i did not vote in favour of mr andersson 's report .
for these reasons , we confirm our support for the resolution , congratulating the rapporteur and all the members of the committee on agriculture , who have really done a good job .
does the commission take the view that compliance with the relevant data protection laws can be guaranteed ?
– mr president , commissioner , if we are to prevent north sea cod from disappearing completely , a ‘ save the cod ’ campaign is urgently required. the question is how .
( the house rose and applauded the new members )
i shall ask the secretariat to look into what you have told us , and then we will see what we can do about it .
( the speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under rule 149 ( 8 ) )
i refer , in particular , to the control of private certification systems which are often used as a requirement for accessing large-scale distribution outlets .
visceral attitudes , condemnation and insults will not be the way to help venezuela to find the way onto a democratic , pluralist and free pathway .
thirdly , the creation of partnerships to strengthen and promote intercultural understanding. higher education institutions will thereby be encouraged to establish cooperation with third-country universities .
( ro ) in my capacity as vice-president of envi , i would like to make several remarks concerning the impact of climate change on agriculture .
in accordance with rule 103 ( 2 ) , i have received one motion for a resolution , on behalf of the committee on the environment , public health and food safety .
i shall take the view that this tendency can be interpreted as a concrete proposal that the vote not take place during this part-session .
so you may have your diversion today , commissioner , but the eu is failing , public confidence is falling and it will all end in tears .
( de ) madam president , commissioner , council , i would like to begin by thanking my fellow member mr capoulas santos , who has made this resolution possible .
manufacturing drives the growth of the service sector. therefore it is also important as ever in the knowledge and service economy .
question no 4 by sarah ludford ( h-0354 / 03 ) :
a further eur 150 million was allocated at the paris conference in 2001. this included an echo programme for the return of burundian refugees from tanzania supported by unhcr .
i will be urging members to vote against the council 's common position and i hope that we succeed in getting the required number of votes .
8. access to sis ii by the services responsible for issuing vehicle registration certificates ( vote )
3. refund of value added tax (
( the sitting was opened at 10.05 a.m. )
subject : ireland 's compliance with eu environmental laws
the energy and climate change package on which we are voting today is supposed to be representative of a transition in terms of energy , the economy and technology .
in writing . - i voted against this report because key paragraphs on posted workers , pension rights and social security were defeated .
my thanks to the gentlemen on the right for bringing the class struggle into parliament !
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
i put to the vote the request from the group of the party of european socialists
the commission can accept the compromise package consisting of the amendments in bloc 1 ( amendments 11 , 12 and 18 to 46 ) .
many thanks , mr rübig. also many thanks for coming to work on what is a national holiday in your country .
the next item is the oral question ( b5-0008 / 2001 ) by mr rocard to the commission on community initiatives in connection with the social consequences of restructuring and mergers in industry .
. mr president , i regret the outcome of the vote that has just taken place. we have taken note of the views expressed by the majority of the house .
subject : transport links in the öresund region
mr president , i rise on a point of order under rule 166 , to invoke rule 37 ( 1 ) of our rules of procedure .
that is my first point and i shall wind up very quickly , too quickly for my liking , but i appreciate that parliament has a timetable .
i should like to address a few words now to mr patijn , as president of the budget council .
on behalf of the ppe-de group . - mr president , i am happy to support the proposals presented today .
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , a sustainable and profitable forestry and wood industry is highly important for europe in many ways .
working time in mobile road-transport activities
you also know that there will be other consultations in the coming days ?
i am also very concerned about freedom of the press in belgium and i wish you would take this up with the belgian home office .
from this , again briefly , the committee drew five main conclusions :
seeking an integrated approach between coastal tourism and community cohesion , maritime , fisheries , environmental , transport and energy policies , in order to create synergies and improve the coherence of projects .
mr mitchell , i am going to ask you a question. could you tell us what those initials stand for ?
composition of committees and delegations : see minutes
thirdly , negotiations have started on the conclusion of an eu-russia readmission agreement and we hope they will be completed quickly .
firstly , more europe means a better europe insofar as it means less economic power for the member states .
health concerns associated with electromagnetic fields ( short presentation )
please intervene immediately , because things are not as theoretical as you explained but , be that as it may , i thank you .
( sk ) anyone who has ever been in business or has been involved in commercial activities will know what complications can be caused by something as trivial as late payments .
thank you , mrs lynne. i am sure that the corrections that you asked for will certainly be made by the services .
written declarations included in the register ( rule 123 ) : see minutes
the vote will take place on tuesday 22 may .
on 15 september , i condemned the risky situation and the helplessness and defencelessness of these workers. i put forward certain concrete measures , but nothing was done .
finally , an agreement has been reached on a provisional assessment , which must be carried out 18 months before the programme expires .
mr president , i have been reading the minutes and it does not say here that he would not have voted .
all the european citizens , whatever their nationality , have the obligation to comply with the law and its provisions , wherever they are on the territory of the european union .
the european council report and commission statement on the european council meeting of 15 and 16 june 2001 in göteborg and
i believe that we have a high level of social cohesion today because of these developments , and our integration with global society is supported by our own society .
i should like to welcome mr santer , who now has the floor .
the next item is the resumption of the joint debate on the budget 2000 .
the forms should be user-friendly and simple and we would therefore like the commission to take on board our amendment in this area .
( fr ) madam president , i , for my part , would like to put some questions to you regarding the problem of the ah1n1 flu vaccine .
the next item is the report by mrs attwooll on rights-based management tools in fisheries .
we shall now proceed to the vote .
regarding biofuels , we need to speak in favour of second generation biofuels and not as if we were promoting competition between food and fuel .
since the time allotted to questions to the council has elapsed , questions nos 22 to 36 will be replied to in writing .
mr president , i wish to congratulate both rapporteurs , who have done excellent work .
mr sturdy , i can assure you that the president of the european parliament will take careful note of your request .
thank you very much , mr morillon , we will pass on that request .
today , what will make europe credible is wealth distributed differently , not the straightjacket of austerity and unemployment .
how does the commission assess the situation in russia with regard to human rights and prison conditions , in particular for the prisoners platon lebedev and mikhail khodorkovsky ?
in writing . - in 2001 , the doha round negotiations had an objective to lower trade barriers around the world , permitting free trade between countries of varying prosperity .
as mrs mcguinness rightly said , we have tried to align it as much as possible with the existing rules on obligatory modulation and financing of the rural development policy .
that is why we voted against .
parliament has now come to the end of its agenda .
mr president , on behalf of the one of the authors , mr kreissl-dörfler , i should like to express the total support of the pse group .
this international labour organisation convention is therefore welcome and should be supported , in order to dignify domestic work and give these women the rights that other women have .
the vote will take place on thursday , 26 november 2009 .
( the sitting was suspended at 12.55 and resumed at 15.00 )
adoption of the minutes of the previous sitting
( ga ) mr president , i have a few points to make on this topic .
mr president , i should like to thank everyone and hope that the council will produce a directive soon .
thank you very much , commissioner nielson .
very well , you are familiar with the rules of procedure .
the next item is one-minute speeches on matters of political importance .
the union has again taken on this positive role in ireland and the recovery plan is vitally important in relation to this .
madam president , i welcome the cooperation at least on democratic control which i hear around this house and i welcome the support for the amendments proposed .
once again , we must report that :
since the time allotted to questions to the commission has elapsed , questions nos 37 to 72 will be replied to in writing . ( 3 )
( parliament agreed to urgent procedure ) this item will be included in tomorrow 's agenda .
i doubt whether there are good grounds for calling for mr wathelet 's resignation .
i ask myself , and i ask parliament : where is the evidence that any of that increases security ?
– b5-0029 / 2004 by mr collins and others , on behalf of the union for europe of the nations group , on burundi .
anyway , were we to pick individuals or areas of suspected fraud or corruption , why is there no mention of the common agricultural policy where fraud is well-documented and ongoing ?
( replying to a blue card question under rule 149 ( 8 ) )
fourthly , the enterprise europe network , set up in 2008 within the competitiveness and innovation programme , provides services to smes , encouraging their participation in fp7 .
in the coming weeks , the presidency and the council 's general secretariat will make the required contacts to achieve that goal .
we need to have a consistent and honest approach toward the issue of illegal deforestation and illicit trade in third countries , but particularly on european union territory .
i have received a motion for a resolution in accordance with rule 42 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure on the subject of the debate1
the vote will take place at 11 a.m.
the younger generations in your country legitimately feel that they have no reason to bear the burden of the dark years they did not live through .
as for the report itself , mr lauk and mr bullmann have my support , and i wish to thank the two groups for their good cooperation .
the european union must not ignore its responsibility towards third countries. it must guarantee protection of the right of asylum .
please allow me also to join those who have congratulated jacques barrot for his responsible and excellent work. i would like to thank the rapporteurs for their work .
mr president , commissioner , everyone knows today that cars are complex and highly sophisticated products .
it is , of course , possible to provide you with the necessary details if you are interested .
the sitting was closed at 0.15 a.m.
i call upon madam commissioner bjerregaard .
mr president , i believe that this is indeed an important summit in that it will raise and broaden awareness on issues such as nuclear safety and nonproliferation .
the commission ’ s proposal is to review the general rules for the granting of community financial aid in the field of the trans-european transport and energy networks for 2007-2013 .
the first issue is the abolition of intervention , which creates rather than solves problems. the system of intervention must be preserved as a safety net for the producer .
joint motion for a resolution on the preparation of the nice european council
scottish waters are amongst the roughest in the community yet for much of the island population there is no viable alternative. ferry safety is thus of paramount importance .
i personally would like to insist on the need to harmonize not only the conditions of access but also the working conditions for road transport operators .
a decision by the court of justice in luxembourg is now awaited .
mr president , allow me to begin by expressing my great disappointment at the fact that no minister from the presidency is present at this important debate .
this is not the way to help israel or palestinians. an immediate ceasefire is only a necessary start .
we are not holding a debate now. mr ferber , there is no provision for members to answer one another .
subject : devastation of the tropical rainforests
( the president cut the speaker off )
i therefore support all these texts in their current form and i hope that our debate and the final vote will not be contaminated by ill-informed external pressure .
in writing . - ( nl ) madam president , i voted in favour of the stubb report on the grounds that i agree with its gist .
finally , do you believe , mr president-in-office of the council , that this decision is prejudicial ?
bonino , cappato , turco , dell 'alba , della vedova , dupuis and pannella
limitation periods in cross-border disputes involving personal injuries and fatal accidents ( debate )
the next item is the statement by the commission on the disturbing situation regarding waste in the campania region .
i will not return to this in detail other than to congratulate the irish government and to encourage the dutch presidency which is now beginning .
in addition , support should be provided for cross-border exchanges between the union and its neighbours , for example ukraine .
mr president , this budget is excessive , cosmetic and intended to curry favour. it is excessive for three reasons .
subject : internet broadcasting of council deliberations
i have received , in accordance with rule 108 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure , a motion for a resolution to wind up the debate .
mr president , we agree with mrs erika mann and her group .
4. mobilisation of the european globalisation adjustment fund : application egf / 2010 / 026 pt / rohde - portugal (
as the authors are not present , questions nos 14 , 15 , 16 and 18 lapse .
the next item is the joint debate on
thank you very much , mr di lello finuoli. i have taken note of your comment .
a programme for action : accelerated action on hiv / aids , malaria and tuberculosis in the context of poverty reduction [ com ( 2001 ) 96 - c5- 0112 / 2001 - 2001 / 2006 ( cos ) ] .
the creation of a new heading ' exceptional crisis expenditure ' also needs to be highlighted , although it is not clear what should be understood by ' crisis ' .
the commission will make the decision concerning the proper harmonisation and implementation of the targets covered in the national performance plans .
secondly , because we advocate the specific european method which balances between action to ensure the security of our citizens and action to protect their civic freedoms .
thank you for being here with us. you have the floor .
i shall give you the floor so you can express your opinion briefly .
those glad tidings captivated the people of the planet of my galaxy .
in writing . - ( de ) i support the resolution on turkey. the turkish government must be vigorous in implementing reforms at last .
change of interinstitutional classification number : see minutes
subject : technical measures for the conservation of fishery resources
thank you very much , mr flynn .
would the council agree that , without proper up-to-date information , we cannot be expected to make informed choices and decisions ?
ensure adequate follow up of potential irregularities ;
i would like to thank all the speakers in today 's discussion for their positive contributions .
according to commissioner rehn the commission supports president ahtisaari 's plan. i think that we should too .
it is a pioneer in the granting of financial aid and the sending of troops to the peace-keeping force in lebanon. its troops are there together with our troops .
b5-0062 / 2002 by mrs caullery on behalf of the union for europe of the nations group ,
is the commission aware of this situation and has it already come up with proposals or promised financial assistance to help resolve this specific problem ?
- ( fr ) mrs fourtou ' s report has given us the opportunity for a preliminary discussion on the measures to be taken to combat counterfeiting and piracy .
we have taken note of your second point , mr maccormick .
transitional period in the accession treaties
eighth , the extension of the high speed train south as far as nîmes , which provides a connection between the north and south of europe .
i would also like once again to emphasise our respect and gratitude towards hungary which was the first country to be brave enough to open its borders .
support for inland fisheries , with the exclusion of vessel construction , and the starting-up and restructuring of producers ' organisations are reinstated .
the framework directive could go further and could be more practical ...
on the financial level , the commission will try to ensure that any subsequent g7 discussions are preceded by appropriate community coordination .
admittedly , i personally would have preferred a charter with a much more sizeable social component !
the vote will be taken tomorrow at 12 noon .
1. projects involving standard policies for managing energy resources as efficiently as possible and finding solutions aimed at reducing pollution , especially in industrial areas and business parks .
i have received seven motions for resolutionstabled in accordance with rule 110 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
i have voted for this report today because i share the concern that not enough is being done to end the frustration and waste of airport delays .
we wish to see the directive reviewed and reworked from the perspective of the smaller ports .
has any preparatory work begun on this matter ?
finally , it is worth raising the question why the all-powerful wave of liberalization championed by the commission has slowed when confronted with the postal services .
energy , and electrical energy in particular , is of enormous importance to economic activity and social well-being , with a volume of business of some eur 150 billion per year .
is that agreed or would you rather continue the debate ?
people around the world are craving peace and a renewed sense of security. peace and security is the task of our time .
we shall now proceed to the vote .
for all these reasons , i voted in favour of the report in question .
i give the floor to mr verheugen to answer mr hyland 's question .
( es ) mr president , commissioner , on behalf of the committee on international trade , i should like to thank mrs de sarnez for the way she has worked with us .
19. possibility for member states to restrict or prohibit the cultivation of gmos in their territory (
madam president , on a point of order , i see over on the other side of the room that there are political posters displayed in the chamber .
since the communist regime introduced mandatory unpaid work in order to serve the state , this practice is now associated with that period in the people 's subconscious .
the proposed objectives for increasing the sector ’ s competitiveness ;
action taken on parliament 's resolutions : see minutes
we have also succeeded in turning europe into an oasis of stability , progress , peace and democracy that is now the envy of the rest of the world .
the vote will take place following this afternoon ’ s votes .
mr president , i should like to begin by congratulating commissioner kinnock on his second term of office , which i am sure will be even more distinguished than his first .
( it ) madam president , ladies and gentlemen , european producers often lose out in bilateral trade agreements and have been damaged by the liberalisation of import regulations .
( de ) mr president , this has really been an afternoon devoted to transport and this is the report which basically summarises everything .
therefore , we contribute fully to illegal deforestations in the amazon and what 's more , the phenomenon is also widespread in eu member states such as estonia , romania and bulgaria .
i therefore hope , mr president , that this resolution will be approved by a large majority .
pm2.5 are the finest particles and the ones most dangerous to the body ; that is why the limit should not be more than 12 micrograms .
this is why , ladies and gentlemen , we are taking every necessary precaution at all parliament ' s places of work .
the next item is the joint debate on the following oral questions :
( the sitting was suspended at 12.30 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
secondly , we wanted to strengthen the independence of the selection panel and place the emphasis on quality , in particular at the level of cultural expertise .
i firmly believe that the whole economy stands to gain from the contribution which renewable bio-resources can make to ensuring a sustainable future for europe .
communication from the commission to the council and the european parliament : an internal market strategy for services [ com ( 2000 ) 888 - c5-0103 / 2001 - 2001 / 2052 ( cos ) ]
mr president , it is obvious to everyone that the fishing industry needs fish. without fish there can be no fishing industry .
the european council , though , no more represents the interests of the majority of the eu 's population than the various governments represent the real interests of their own peoples .
whilst this particular issue will not affect portugal directly , it does have parallels with similar situations in which portugal ’ s interests are at stake. i therefore voted in favour .
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
the next item is the council and commission statements on transatlantic relations .
( b5-0226 / 2002 ) by ribeiro e castro , on behalf of the uen group , on angola ;
( the president cut off the speaker )
in this extremely difficult environment , there are four strands to our efforts to combine social cohesion and competitiveness .
the presidency takes note of the point of order you have made .
… on their head harmed due to racist accusations. i wanted to say that because i did not have the chance to speak in yesterday ’ s debate .
for these reasons , i preferred to abstain .
thank you very much , commissioner patten .
there are too many areas of doubt in this well-known list :
women are in the majority , this evening , in parliament , in the chamber. i should just like to point that out .
( pt ) the number of workers affected by unemployment in portugal is growing exponentially. every day , companies announce cutbacks in production , layoffs of workers or even complete closure .
mr president , i just wish to say that i was one of the people who tried to take the flight .
i wish you well in your negotiations and look forward to a positive outcome .
we support the work on designing a constitution for europe .
( for results and other details of the votes : see minutes )
the multiannual programme for enterprise and entrepreneurship will constitute a major instrument in support of european businesses. it is primarily geared to small and medium-sized businesses .
the scheme approved in berlin will also have a severe negative impact on the social fabric of the countryside .
the connection between institutions operating under a cloak of democracy , paramilitary organisations and supergrasses – informers – has created and strengthened a repressive and violent network .
my colleagues on our committee supported this proposal unanimously and now i ask for the support of the whole house as well .
3. it proposes the possibility of supplementing the community compensation scheme with national aid .
i strongly support the decisions taken at sintra. they constitute a significant step towards establishing an effective european security and defence policy .
mr president , my colleague mr fayot has , i am glad to say , already covered many of the points i planned to raise .
. scientific research has become an essential instrument in implementing the common fisheries policy and is crucial to the sustainable management of resources .
evaluation and future development of frontex eurosur
subject : canned fish products as part of food aid
i would also like to know on what basis the european commission will actually be negotiating an agreement on swift .
freedom , security and justice ( annual debate ) ( articles 2 and 39 teu ) ( debate )
the vote will take place today at 11.30 a.m.
i also welcome the call to increase support for r [ amp ] d and innovation in renewable energies following the international conference for renewable energies ( bonn , june 2004 ) .
the vote will take place today at 12 noon .
a decent society creates sensible rules. decent people respect them , and decent governments should not have a problem with prosecuting thieves .
we need this directive in order to establish a working system for managing packaging waste in all the member states of the european union .
if the same ' exceptional circumstances ' are present in other member states or in new member states , will the council approve similar state aid ?
the review of the directive is intended to unify and harmonise standards which apply to consumer goods , and which currently overlap and differ on the subject of market surveillance .
( cs ) mr president , i voted against the report for the following reasons .
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
in many cases , democratisation will involve the challenge of incorporating moderate islamic options into political life , options that are opposed to the use of violence .
' macao : another bridge between europe and china
this is why we have decided against giving our support to this report , which is only detracting from the sound approach in the commission communication .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11.30 a.m.
it helps to clarify the responsibilities of those political forces which deal out criticism but do not match it with action. i therefore regret the rejection of the rejection .
mr president , i suggest we delete the first part of the second point. as i understand it , it was proposed by members of the ppe-de group .
madam president , this is a complex area and i certainly commend ms attwooll for her report and her efforts in that regard .
denmark and other nordic states are also concerned at the radioactive contamination of their seas and fishing grounds from reprocessing at sellafield .
2. the european parliament to have full power over the budget .
i added that the supervision of state aid should be carried out within the strict framework of the treaties ' provisions and not according to the prevailing liberal ideology .
1. eu-cape verde agreement on certain aspects of air services (
tobacco is a poison and a drug .
subject : the eu 's foreign and security policy
( for results and other details of the vote : see minutes )
23. protection of personal data (
impact of eu development policy ( short presentation )
as matters stand , we owe it to our own credibility to take this decision .
the debate is now suspended and will resume immediately after the vote .
the need for groups to represent one-fifth of the member states , thereby discouraging convergence in the european parliamentary area ;
the next item is the continuation of voting time .
b5-0470 / 2000 by vinci , on behalf of the gue / ngl group
1. draft general budget of the european union for the financial year 2010 as modified by the council ( all sections ) (
opening up to other cultures and finding out about the traditions of our european neighbours are essential ways of combating intolerance and racism engendered by fear of the unknown .
in the other countries , to date a total of 2396 cases have been reported , including 89 deaths .
whatever the attractions of big business , there are values on which europe should stand firm , or it will lose all credibility .
thirdly , the regulation pays particular attention to aspects relating to the environment , health and labour standards .
mr von wogau , that was not a point of order .
( the sitting was suspended at 11.55 a.m. and resumed at 12 noon )
as the author is not present , question no 61 lapses .
i cannot find any of these things in your programme , mr barroso , which is why i cannot vote for you .
i can fully concur that an ambitious review of the budget should be an urgent priority for the new parliament and commission .
the next item is the joint debate on
mr president , commissioner , i agree with the reasons for your action when it comes to computer-related patents .
i am responsible for the committee on economic and monetary affairs ' opinion on this matter , and our conclusions are simple and succinct .
( the sitting was closed at 11.40 p.m. )
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 5.30 p.m.
member of the commission . - madam president , i would like to thank honourable members for the very useful direction that you have provided for us in your speeches tonight .
ladies and gentlemen , let us help save qimonda. time is short !
( the vote took place ) the result of the vote is as follows :
( parliament rejected the request to postpone the vote )
those are my points. at this hour of the night there is no point in underlining yet again how important a job the stockholm convention has to do .
the next item is the report by giuseppe gargani , on behalf of the committee on legal affairs , on the verification of the credentials of mr beniamino donnici .
thank goodness that we live in a european democracy in which we can all express our opinions .
the next item is question time ( b6-0001 / 2008 ) .
( abbreviated in accordance with rule 137 ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure )
ladies and gentlemen , we need a policy revolution in this area of human rights .
. mr president , i would like to congratulate mrs fraga on the interesting report we are debating today in this house .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
( the president cut off the speaker )
the next item is the report by mr lewandowski on the 2009 budget guidelines - ( sections i , ii , iv , v , vi , vii , viii and ix ) .
( es ) thank you for everything , and i wish you good luck in performing your new tasks .
the minutes of the sitting of friday , 23 october 1998 have been distributed .
one-minute speeches on matters of political importance
. mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i should first like to welcome the president-in-office of the council , the prime minister of the netherlands , jan peter balkenende .
in writing . - ( de ) i am voting in favour of marianne mikko 's report on concentration and pluralism in the media in the eu .
12 . 2006 discharge : eu general budget , section iv - court of justice (
6. variations to the terms of marketing authorisations for medicinal products (
agenda for next sitting : see minutes
if turkey refuses to make crucial reforms , we must bring a halt to negotiations on membership. it is time that this house called for the cessation of accession negotiations .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12.00 noon .
b5-0379 / 2003 tabled by jean lambert and reinhold messner , on behalf of the verts / ale group ;
i hope , mr president , that you will bring your full authority to bear to restore order here and ensure that the decision by the conference of presidents is respected .
b5-0286 / 2001 by mr zacharakis and others , on behalf of the ppe-de group ;
i believe that this fact is all the more important , given that the european union has not been given , unfortunately , observer status in this forum .
the debate will continue at 3 p.m.
i hope that the european parliament will reaffirm its refusal of the principle of collective responsibility , which is used to incite hatred and violence in the heart of europe .
" how do you know that it belonged to your brother or your father ? ” he asked in reply. i fainted and was taken out of the crematorium . '
the commission will indeed ensure that the outcome of the workshops which were organised in 2007 will be taken into account in the cfr .
let us not doubt that the commission will take all this into account in preparing its approach .
finally , these are proposals aimed at striking a balance between market forces and the environment. this is european policy ..
thank you very much , madam president , and thank you very much to all the members who have spoken during this debate .
such humanitarian aid as can be supplied to those who are suffering must continue , provided that the safety of those involved in delivery and distribution can be guaranteed .
european supervision lays the foundations for a complete , thorough and credible reform. this first transnational experience is a step towards a consistent system of international financial supervision .
if the commission 's proposals were adopted as they stand , its powers to influence relationships between member states and third countries would be extended .
a headlong rush into enlargement , under such conditions , would be liable to aggravate the sidelong shifts towards the populist and fascistic which are appearing here and there .
the agreement could generate consumer benefits of at least eur 72 million through lower fares and would also create new jobs .
reject the development of the nationalisation of regional policy as a result of the freezing of the budget at pre-enlargement levels ;
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
so we have to be fair and firm at the same time with turkey .
we believe that all of the european parliament ’ s activities should be transferred to brussels. for this reason , we abstained at the end of the voting .
mrs ahlqvist , i think you were the only speaker who managed to stick to your allotted time ! all the others have over-run .
- ( es ) madam president , thank you very much for enabling us to be face to face with the commissioner , whom i have already asked many questions on similar matters .
( parliament adopted the resolution and the president declared supplementary and amending budget 1 / 98 adopted )
( the president cut off the speaker )
it is the view of ex-commissioner patten and of the relevant ep figures that the information provided by mr mugraby was important , pertinent and in no way libellous .
the vote will take place on thursday .
the following questions have been put to the council .
i move now to the order of business .
mr president-in-office , you were intrigued by the questioner. i am intrigued by your answer in pretending that the british government stands in favour of more transparency .
the next item is the debate on the statement by mr barroso , president-elect of the commission .
food constitutes the basis for life ; making modifications to what mankind has known for millennia for the benefit of large food industries is hazardous .
ladies and gentlemen , that concludes the votes. the sitting is suspended
illegal immigration will also be tackled more effectively. this involves a common repatriation policy and better border control .
madam president , firstly i praise the european council for accepting the draft charter as definitive .
there are to be no legally effective employment targets as a balance against emu 's financially restrictive requirements .
i accept that legal certainty requires that obsolete acts do not remain in force indefinitely in the community 's legal system .
the next item is the european council report and the commission statement on the european council meeting ( 15-16 october 2008 ) .
( the president declared the common position approved as amended )
the commission urges both sides to continue this dialogue and use these talks to try to make substantive progress .
this is a first and important step in making parliament a more effective voice for the people in eu decision-making .
it is a fact that this murderer , who has been convicted on multiple occasions , is not serving the sentences handed down on him by the italian justice system .
commissioner , you can inspire confidence but at the end of the day , you have to earn it too. i hope that this commission will achieve this .
i am very encouraged by the president-in-office 's response and wish him well for the october meeting. i hope he gets a successful package .
the data problem is therefore a political issue which must be resolved politically , by means of commission proposals which parliament may accept or reject .
b5-0216 / 2001 , by mr miranda , on behalf of the confederal group of the european united left / nordic green left , on the kidnapping of three portuguese citizens in cabinda , angola ;
any motion to delay a vote would have to be put to the house immediately before the vote which will be taken at noon on tuesday .
the vote will take place tomorrow , thursday 17 september 2009 .
the first point is the inequality faced by women of retirement age , because inequality in employment leads to poverty at retirement age .
i should point out that moldova has employed for a period of one year nine senior european advisers who will provide assistance to the main ministries in chişinău .
in effect , the french delegation , which supports the objective of this directive but is partially dissatisfied , preferred to abstain from the final vote .
in my opinion , the differences between parliament and the council are not so great as to prevent progress or agreement in the relatively near future .
in addition , it would seem important to have physical points of contact where information can be obtained. after all , the digital divide remains incredibly real today .
even when modified at the margins , i do not warm to the draft as it stands .
i thank you very much for the debate tonight. i am really pleased it was so detailed. we should continue this debate when we discuss energy issues .
the next item is the continuation of the debate on the commission 's programme of work for 1997 and evaluation of the legislative programme for the previous year .
the changes to regulation no 2200 / 96 establishing the com of the fruit and vegetable sector may initially appear minor , yet certain aspects of them do give cause for concern .
( the speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under rule 149 ( 8 ) )
thank you for your attention and i look forward to your comments .
( the sitting was opened at 10 a.m. )
thank you once again for the report and your attention .
i thank the commissioner for her reply .
mr president , i thank mrs grossetête and mrs müller for their personal commitment .
mr president , the committee on the environment believes that this is a measure that should be dealt with by my committee for three reasons .
let me turn to four questions that have been posed .
the commission cannot accept the following amendments : 10 , 11 , 14 , 21 , 26 , 27 , 31 , 35 , 49 , 55 , 56 , 67 , 68 , 69 , 70 , 71 , 72 or 73 .
is there a member who wishes to speak on behalf of the ppe in favour of this proposal ?
the point made by you and by mrs morgan will be raised again in the bureau. i can assure you that it will be given proper consideration .
we do not , however , agree with amendments nos 20 , 21 and 22 , because we feel mr orlando 's text is more precise .
incidentally , there has been cooperation on migration and asylum within the european union for longer than you think. but i will say more about that during the next debate .
our duty is to remain vigilant , and it is with regard to that strategy of vigilance that differences of opinion have arisen .
question no 37 by bernd posselt ( h-1230 / 98 ) subject : celebrating the millennium
( applause ) it is because of that duty to remember that we cannot accept the way that the extreme right is gaining ground .
subject : creating an internal energy market
recommendation by yannick jadot , on behalf of the committee on international trade
i declare resumed the session suspended on thursday 10 may 2007 .
i declare the session of the european parliament adjourned .
the sitting was suspended at 11.15 a.m. to allow the tellers to count the votes and was resumed at 12.20 p.m.
( sl ) i would like to add something about the notification of relatives , something i did not have enough time for earlier on .
in short , we support the complementary proposals , professor cabrol 's amendment and the general proposal from the commission .
the next item is the statements by the council and the commission on the conclusions of the g20 summit .
accordingly , although i would have liked to go further with restrictions on incineration and co-incineration processes , i am nevertheless delighted with what has been achieved , given that this directive :
to close , my congratulations to mrs oomen-ruijten on her report , which i shall be voting in favour of , and i call on my colleagues to do likewise .
we can honestly say that europe is fully on track .
written declarations included in the register ( rule 116 ) : see minutes
madam president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , as mr cunha quite rightly said , this report is an extremely political document , despite the fact that it appears to be technical .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see minutes
- cristiana muscardini , on behalf of the uen group , on explosive remnants of war and anti-personnel landmines ( b6-0125 / 2004 ) .
my group also attaches importance to the provisions that are designed to increase transparency. these would subject the agency to the following controls :
mr elchlepp , i believe this is the first time you have spoken in this house. please , therefore , accept my warmest congratulations .
madam president , i wish to begin by congratulating mr özdemir for preparing this very comprehensive report .
for all these reasons , we cannot agree with this draft budget , which is over eur 11 billion smaller than was planned in the multiannual financial framework for 2010 .
( fr ) mr president , if my memory serves me correctly , the conference of presidents objected to the report being referred to committee .
4 . 2007 discharge : european ombudsman (
the vote will take place at the end of the debate .
therefore , as i have said , i do not think the picture is black and white : there is a full spectrum of different colours , from warm to cold shades .
the vote will take place in a few minutes , that is at 12 p.m.
there is only one answer to this : growth. is there any sign of growth ? no , there is not ; we need policies for growth , not reversals and talk about restructuring .
i will go back to amendment 1 by roll-call vote. the vote is open .
good regulation stimulates market activity and benefits both consumers and businesspeople. that is what we wanted and what we have managed to achieve with this agreement .
. the lisbon strategy set out a range of instruments aimed at creating more and better jobs. one of those instruments is lifelong learning .
it is therefore necessary that the agreement text is changed and that , in any case , recourse is made to the court of justice to obtain an opinion .
i trust the media 2007 programme will not go to waste .
however , foodstuffs which contain neither protein nor dna resulting from genetic modification are not subject to these requirements .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i am extremely happy to be attending this debate today .
8. flights to strasbourg from scotland
on behalf of the uen group . - ( pl ) madam president , this is a very valuable and thoroughly prepared document. i congratulate mr graça moura .
and praise ring in the heavens , for spandau ballet have re-formed !
you talked about the key players. there are key players : china , russia and the arab league are also complicit in this .
that concludes the information that i wished to give to parliament .
we would again ask the commission not to deviate from the common nationally and internationally acknowledged and certified accounting and calculation methods .
in conclusion , i should like to come back to some fundamental principles which in the current circumstances it is , more than ever , important to reiterate .
12. nominal catch statistics in certain areas other than those of the north atlantic ( recast version ) (
are there any objections to this oral amendment ?
is it prepared to endorse the brussels declaration ? question no 8 by mr joan colom i naval ( h-0432 / 97 )
question no 13 by bernd posselt ( h-0631 / 02 ) :
sitting on 10 and 11 october
we wish to make clear , however , our opposition to the creation of a european public prosecutor , and therefore the proposal contained in paragraph 57 of the report .
to put forward the reduction in working hours as a solution to the unemployment crisis in europe is a proposal which attempts to defy logic .
thank you. as you can hear from the applause , the house has taken note of your comment .
is it really necessary to stress once again what an essential necessity the meda aid programme is for the mediterranean countries ?
community ecolabel scheme - voluntary participation by organisations in a community eco-management and audit scheme ( emas ) ( debate )
i believe it is important that the commission and the presidency proceed with more caution .
it is therefore desirable that canada and the european union join efforts in the search for new stability for the international community .
mr president , the decision of the conference of presidents was not unanimous .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12.30 p.m.
president of the commission . - there are two questions there. i do not know if i can respond to them in one minute .
gaining full information on what is being proposed in the new programme for the western balkans , including serbia and kosovo , particularly with regard to its financing ;
ladies and gentlemen , i would ask you to observe a minute 's silence .
are we discussing solutions to these problems ? no , we are not !
new joint measures will also be needed at european union level. the current second stage of the european programme on climate change will help to determine the optimum measures .
losses under loans for projects outside the community
b5-0713 / 2001 by mr bowis , mrs maij-weggen and mr deva , on behalf of the ppe-de group , on the incidents of 22 october in the state of benue , central nigeria ;
( the president declared the amended common position approved )
... which was possible thanks to the lesson of john paul ii. for me , human rights will also be a priority .
we shall now proceed to the votes .
the next item is question time ( b5-0201 / 2000 ) . we will examine questions to the commission .
we must therefore act quickly in order to contribute to its development. in particular , we will have to develop joint investment programmes .
question no 11 by john cushnahan , which has been taken over by alan gillis ( h-0273 / 98 )
i shall indeed enquire into the matter and report back to you , mr bradbourn .
i should like to offer my congratulations on the excellent work carried out by mrs lepage .
in writing . - the question is whether the eu has sufficient resources and will create enough funds to adequately implement measures on mitigation , stabilisation and adaptation on emissions .
( the president cut the speaker off )
( the president cut the speaker off )
firstly , emphasis has been placed on the eradication of poverty and the improvement of living conditions as main objectives of the recommended measures .
explanations of vote - liese recommendation for second reading ( a5-0349 / 2000 )
debates on cases of breaches of human rights , democracy and the rule of law ( debate )
thank you very much indeed commissioner .
i would like to thank richard seeber for his very competent report. the proposed amendments enhance and supplement his document .
i firmly believe that the difficulties can only be surmounted if senior politicians understand that their role is , first and foremost , to calm tensions rather than fan the flames .
subject : compatibility of the eu 's cultural policy with unesco resolutions about the elgin marbles
the vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , if we are to restore confidence to the market , we need to prioritise the needs of consumers , workers and businesses .
– mr linkohr , mr medina ortega , mr pittella and mr van den berg , on behalf of the group of the party of european socialists , on the human rights situation in venezuela ( b5-0126 / 2004 ) ;
as you see , therefore , we are keeping a close eye on the progress made in this matter .
these are the two crucial points for the igc. concentrate on these and above all , do so before enlargement. do this at nice then , and not afterwards .
i should also like to welcome her royal highness princess victoria of sweden , who joins us in the official gallery once again today .
report martínez martínez ( a5-0195 / 2001 ) and ( a5-0197 / 2001 )
( the sitting was closed at 16.45 )
thank you very much , mr berenguer. i do not believe that you have asked a question , but mr monti can always reply to your ' non-question ' .
president , you have been brilliant at that. we are proud of that. thank you , president .
3. situation in the middle east / gaza strip ( vote )
the vote on glenys kinnock 's report will take place tomorrow .
. – mr president , i wish to thank all the members who have contributed to the debate .
there is , incidentally , a very strong gender implication to the provision of energy , because of the tasks of women throughout the developing world .
subject : action programme for minority languages
we are sending an election observation mission , but we are sending this mission as well. can we be reassured that there is some close coordination between the two ?
with enlargement , these six months will be great ones. i wish the irish presidency all the luck for which its people are so famous .
question no 56 by sören wibe ( h-0916 / 96 )
( fr ) madam president , ladies and gentlemen , i would like to add two comments to this joint debate on energy .
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see minutes
mr president , the provisions of islamic sharia law literally state that anyone who offends islam shall be condemned to death .
we propose that the commission and the european union should thus undertake to extend these tests at a european level , in the light of scientific recommendations .
we will continue with voting time .
my question relates to this issue. we have just concluded the wto negotiations. what opportunities do you see to coordinate the cardiff process in consultation with the wto organisations ?
mr president , commissioner , please bring some order here , if you can. i believe that you can .
the vote will be taken tomorrow at 11 a.m.
subject : preventing sexual harassment in the armed forces
i agree with many parts of the report on the future of social services of general interest , which makes numerous points that i share .
coordination and clear lines of information and communication remain the core of our ability to be effective in such situations. we have to learn lessons on this front .
– b5-0081 / 2004 by mr katiforis and mr van den berg , on behalf of the pse group , on the greek seamen in karachi ;
mr president , commissioner , thank you for taking up the socialist group in the european parliament 's initiative and addressing this matter , as this issue is important to citizens .
voting is suspended and will continue after the formal sitting .
i have received twenty motions for resolutions , submitted pursuant to rule 40 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure .
in short , the rapporteur ' s call for an acceleration of the structural reforms receives my unqualified support .
( parliament agreed to take into consideration the oral amendment )
crisis in agricultural sectors other than the dairy sector ( debate )
. the lada-velilla power line project mentioned by the honourable member would cross protected areas in the autonomous communities of asturias and castille and leon .
( the sitting was suspended at 19.25 and resumed at 21.00 )
mr president , i merely wish to observe that mr moorhouse is far too left wing to have a place in the modern labour party .
( the sitting was closed at 8.09 p.m. )
i therefore believe that the debate on turkey and the debate on the fight against terrorism are two sides of the same coin .
the first person to speak will be the president of the court of auditors , mr fabra vallés , whom we welcome to this house .
( cs ) mr president , i supported the european parliament 's compromise position on the review of the consumer acquis within the union .
allow me to expand on the last two points , which attracted the most public attention .
the main obstacle to the smooth progress of a transition which should logically end in accession is , to my mind , the over-cautiousness of the union member states .
- ( pt ) mr president , so the iranian authorities have promised a moratorium and have failed to keep to it ; no surprise there .
( a5-0290 / 2000 ) tabled by mrs riis-jørgensen , on the xxixth report on competition policy - 1999 [ sec ( 2000 ) 720 - c5-0302 / 2000 - 2000 / 2153 ( cos ) ] ;
the next item is question time ( b5-0009 / 2000 ) . we will examine questions to the commission .
secondly , it draws conclusions which cannot be fully substantiated , such as that it is not used for military purposes .
the vote will take place tomorrow , thursday , at 12 noon .
( parliament agreed to accept the oral amendment )
i hope that , during this programme , the erasmus programme for young entrepreneurs will also continue .
on behalf of the ecr group . - madam president , the ecr welcomes the opportunity to discuss these issues in the chamber this evening .
thirdly , we are talking about an agreement with no quotas , which is a somewhat obsolete form for a fisheries agreement to take .
12. eib annual report 2005 ( vote )
that concludes questions to the council .
the cocoa-producing developing countries would have suffered a substantial loss in revenues , valued at some $ 300 million , due both to loss of market outlet and pressure on prices .
what abstruse northern view can favour the passivity and loss of motivation which this proposal promotes ?
improve our standard of living for pity 's sake !
the εu is promoting the policy of liberalising services within the framework of the lisbon strategy. it agreed on services ( gats ) with the other imperialist centres during wto negotiations .
does anyone wish to speak in favour of mr ribeiro e castro ' s motion ?
the traditionally low profitability of this sector has been aggravated by the rise in the price of feed as well as the massive decrease in consumption of these products .
thank you very much , mr maaten .
thank you for that supplementary question. firstly , i would like to point out that the commission has actually brought a considerable number of infringement actions against the member states .
despite its pragmatic approach , the eu should not forget , and it has not forgotten either , human rights , and should aim for an active dialogue with russia on the subject .
in writing . - ( fr ) according to this report , ' the fundamental rights agency could be a proper body providing a regular overview on the enforcement of human rights ' .
if turkey fulfils these criteria without reservation , then chances are that it will gain the support of each of us , and may also regain the sympathy of european citizens .
i should like to thank the two rapporteurs most sincerely and congratulate them on their reports , and i also wish to thank the secretariat of the committee on budgets .
i am sorry , mrs lulling , but the debate is closed .
9 . ' made in ' ( origin marking ) ( vote )
i have supported the rapporteur 's call to reject this agreement between the eu , canada and russia on animal traps .
thank you very much , commissioner nielson .
president of the commission . - thank you for your question and for the intention behind your question .
as i have already said , the discrepancies are , therefore , large and our preference is for administrative sanctions , since they are more effective and can be implemented quickly .
3. syria : the case of muhannad al hassani
– mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , our greatest asset is indisputably our health – physical , but also mental .
we have heard some very thorough observations which both concern the philosophy of economic policy and are important for the institutional order .
i would like to encourage you commissioner. as my colleague mr langen said , you have to break through the steel defences. forza , commissioner .
i commend president santer on his principled stand on this issue , defending the citizens of europe .
- ( fi ) i wish to indicate in the way i vote my support for considering the point of view of farmers with regard to gm labelling .
( it ) mr president , mr van rompuy , ladies and gentlemen , i see two major problems with the proposed amendment to article 136 , one of them institutional and the other political .
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , our fellow citizens understand only too well that the agreements resulting from the millennium round will seriously affect their personal and professional lives .
in spite of this , and because this derogation represents positive discrimination in favour of the outermost regions , i shall be voting in favour of this proposed regulation .
i would like to put on record my reasons for voting against certain sections of mr färm 's report today , in particular those paragraphs dealing with agriculture .
the vote will take place at 12 noon .
the house will vote on the proposal that voting continue on the giansily and titley reports .
you look very handsome , and , furthermore , somebody must have put some flowers in republican colours just there to your left .
madam president , your services were informed yesterday that we would not sign this compromise amendment .
the next item is the statement by mr barroso , the president of the european commission , on the legislative and work programme of the commission for 2010 .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
mr president , commissioner , this is a big day for mr fatuzzo , as the pensioners ' ambassador par excellence .
( the president declared the common position approved as amended )
the eplp has voted for the motion for a resolution on the stockholm european council. however , we have reservations about paragraph 13 .
a happy christmas and a happy new year to each and every one of you .
membership of committees and delegations : see minutes
to conclude , the commission welcomes the great interest that the ' customs 2000 ' programme has generated in the house and the active support our proposal has been given .
good , then i am satisfied. it sounded otherwise .
we are also setting up a joint expert group for conflict prevention with canada and developing contacts with the g8 group .
i will begin with agenda 2000 .
( the president cut off the speaker )
of course , this is a most important linguistic correction , which will be noted. so we do not need to vote on it as it has been duly recorded .
madam president , i would like a little attention from our colleagues , because my intervention is actually based on article 108 of the regulation concerning a personal detail .
' emphasises that the situation in chechnya continues to be a point of dissent in the relations between the eu and russia '
in short , for the majority of my group it is inconceivable for us to support mr jarzembowski ’ s proposals .
for the umpteenth time we say : stop pretending that you can give lessons to the world .
president silva caldeira , i would like to thank you for your report and for the always very constructive cooperation between you , and the court , and the european parliament .
- after the vote on paragraph 13 :
the european union has learnt a lesson from greece 's experience. the commission 's initiative on regulating and giving new powers to eurostat will prevent similar situations from occurring in future .
the last unavoidable question is why the union cannot function unless an even heavier burden is imposed on the top net contributors , to which austria now also belongs .
- before the vote on amendment 100 :
on another point made by mrs attwooll , the commission has recently tabled a proposal on conditions for deep-water fishing , which will lend protection to these important resources .
subject : refinement of the rules governing motor-vehicle insurance in the internal market
i think it is very important that the proposals for amendments concerning the protection of water , approved in the committee on the environment , be carried in tomorrow 's vote .
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
situation in iran ( motions for resolutions tabled ) : see minutes
i have nothing to say with regard to human capital. my colleague has expressed this very well .
as they deal with the same subject , questions 5 and 6 will be taken together :
mr president , i have supported this report today as , like many people , i am concerned that genetically altered organisms are already in the food on our supermarket shelves .
second , the reform aimed to create a culture based on service. this meant drafting a code of good administrative behaviour and led to the regulation on access to documents .
( the president cut off the speaker )
secondly , the internet provides an opportunity for disabled people to work. someone who cannot walk can perfectly easily work on the internet , and so overcome his disability .
this means that the implementing rules that were adopted will have to be amended accordingly .
. the british labour meps have voted in favour of a sheep premium of eur 25 , an increase of 20 % on the figure proposed by the commission .
thank you , madam president , mr president-in-office of the council , mr president of the commission , ladies and gentlemen .
the committee welcomes the progress that is being made. we look forward to the expansion and integration of these networks with the countries of eastern europe .
. mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i would like to start by thanking the rapporteur , our man on the committee on budgetary control , for this initiative .
mr president , i regard this report as very constructive , very realistic and very welcome .
the vote will take place on tuesday , 7 june at 12 : 00 .
what efforts is it making in addition to reach a common position on a worldwide ban , in preparation for the ottawa conference in december ?
the competent services have informed me that tomorrow ' s list of subjects will be rather lengthy .
question no 3 by camilo nogueira román ( h-0847 / 02 ) :
finally , i believe the commission should strengthen cooperation with unesco and the council of europe as regards cultural tourism .
. ( nl ) i am in favour of enlargement but against this resolution because i regret the absence of a critical approach to various areas .
to that end , we call for sanctions to be lifted and for the union to draw up solidarity measures for a free yugoslavia .
the impact of cohesion policy on the integration of vulnerable communities and groups ( debate )
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the house is today discussing the creation of a new community legislative framework for the granting of aid to the european shipbuilding industry .
if these conditions are met , we will wholeheartedly and gladly endorse and vote for the report by mr chatzimarkakis .
b5-0574 / 2001 by mr mayol i raynal et al , on behalf of the group of the greens / european free alliance ;
( the sitting was suspended at 7.45 p.m. and resumed at 9.00 p.m. )
( parliament rejected the motion for a resolution )
( the sitting was closed at 11.20 p.m. )
amongst my particular reservations , i would like to highlight the following three :
we shall now proceed to the vote .
that was not a point of order , but would the commissioner care to answer the question ?
i believe that it would be a good idea for its agenda to include a proposal for extending the duration and scope of states ' right of initiative .
it is not easy to find out what the right thing to do is but we are doing everything to mobilise pressure for a rapid , irreversible return to democracy .
finally , in my opinion , it is also necessary to create a system of subsidies for the production of table olives .
the matter is closed. let us proceed with the sitting .
after reading the admirable report by the committee of inquiry , one can only be appalled by the responsibility borne by the british conservative government .
the vote will take place on tuesday , 22 april 2008 .
it is exactly this disposition among both the albanians and serbs that justifies and inspires the european efforts within the western balkans .
in light of all of these points , i abstained in the vote on the resolution .
trade and economic relations with western balkans ( short presentation )
mr harrison , that is precisely what i intend to do .
i believe , mr president , that it is essential for you to give some thought to these matters .
finally , i would like to encourage montenegro and the montenegrin authorities to continue their reform efforts and to endeavour to meet the expectations of their own citizens .
the crucial international energy situation is such that the european union needs to harmonise and integrate its energy markets with those of the neighbourhood policy countries .
mr president , i am asking very specific questions , so please answer them .
after the vote on point ii : human rights
subject : women who work in the fields in accession countries
mr killilea , as you have all noticed , has taken advantage of the change of presidency , but that will not happen in the case of the next speakers .
rest assured , commissioner , that it may be late but we are wide awake , and the next commission had better beware .
2. draft general budget of the european union - 2011 financial year ( vote )
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
secondly , parliament is calling on the member states to discuss the possibility of drawing up a european voter ’ s card common to all the eu countries .
let me first start by congratulating the rapporteurs for their excellent and very helpful reports .
there has been a selective slaughter of cattle born and reared alongside confirmed cases of bse. there is a compulsory cull of offspring born to cattle with confirmed bse .
dates of forthcoming sittings : see minutes
i therefore voted in favour of the fruteau reports .
i would like to congratulate mr peillon and to express my thanks , most especially , for his open-minded and extremely constructive approach .
i hope , when i welcome him to hungary , that he will be able to see how clean and sweet our lake balaton is .
i would like to see more work done on the social dialogue and on developing programmes in these countries to help people affected by economic change .
the second is the unsustainable imbalance in the single currency and the need for coordination of economic , fiscal and budgetary policies , which are still in a fragile state .
this is the reason i have voted against this report .
finally , the cap is essential for survival of the family farm , and efforts to dismantle or renationalise this policy must be resisted .
may i urge the council to persevere with that line of argument in its internal deliberations .
what hides behind this new concept of active ageing ?
even if we sympathise with the idea of regulating the european production and export of arms politically , we are sceptical about the titley report , mainly for the following reasons .
mr president , despite the very welcome efforts of the commission and indeed of the united nations , it is difficult to display optimism in this dark period .
in france , the fédération nationale des transporteurs de voyageurs has proposed pragmatic solutions to all these problems. some have been heard. not all. that is a shame .
the commission can accept additional reporting requirements , including the establishment of new advisory committees , provided that resource implications are borne in mind by parliament .
mr president , i am speaking in support of the commission ’ s communication entitled ‘ strengthening economic governance and clarifying the implementation of the stability and growth pact ’ .
what steps will the council take to ensure that eu cultural policy complies with unesco resolutions ? question no 4 by jan bertens ( h-0336 / 98 )
and last but not least , i would strongly request that smaller member states should retain the right to appoint one member to the european commission .
( the president cut off the speaker . )
that is a piece of information on italian laws of which mr catania is aware , but of which many of you are not .
membership of committees and delegations : see minutes
mr president , please accept my congratulations .
finally i should like to ask what are the consequences of the attitude of the commission as regards the wto ? can we simply do this ?
4. us-ec agreement on the promotion , provision and use of galileo and gps satellite-based navigation systems (
texts of agreements forwarded by the council : see minutes
the debate is closed. the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 : 30 .
. many questions are raised by the commission ’ s initiative and by parliament ’ s corresponding report .
aid for private stocks of cheese is to be increased to eur 15 million , which will mainly benefit the italians .
the council 's common position represents a good compromise ; we need to keep to it and not give in to " liberalism at any price ' .
if i were to answer it might introduce too much levity to the situation .
ladies and gentlemen , i am suspending the debate to allow the vote that was decided on this morning to take place. the debate will resume after the vote .
. i voted in favour of it and called for it to be adopted .
thank you very much , mr patten , for your contribution and your efforts in a climate which has not always been very easy .
- before the vote on amendment 4 :
all that is left for me to say is perhaps to beg mr sacconi to do everything he can to come back to parliament again .
mr president , commissioner , mrs corbey , thank you for the work you have put in on this report .
the amendments have been tabled in due form and i shall leave it to the wisdom of the house .
( interjection from mr helmer : ' absolutely no ! )
mr president , i voted against the motion for a resolution on the opening of negotiations with turkey , because i consider it irresponsible to start negotiations on its accession .
. the level of political dialogue that we have achieved with the congolese authorities would allow us , if necessary , to intervene and certainly convince them to change course .
mr president , i want to talk about two matters on the summit agenda. the first is migration and asylum , the second is the balkans .
the vote will take place after the debates .
a5-0370 / 2001 by mr turco , on behalf of the committee on citizens ' freedoms and rights , justice and home affairs , on
nevertheless , this report contains individual points with which we disagree , specifically the references to the international criminal court .
mr president , commissioner , we can also vote for discharge from the external policy point of view. i would quite particularly like to thank mr casaca for his close cooperation .
decisions concerning certain documents : see minutes
it is good that we will adopt this initial european baltic strategy document and are beginning to realise the responsibility .
i. proposal for a council decision amending decision 88 / 591 / ecsc , eec , euratom , establishing a court of first instance of the european communities ( 5713 / 1999 - c5-0020 / 1999 - 1999 / 0803 ( cns ) ) , and
as such diversity does , however , constitute one of the eu ’ s great growth factors , it needs to be maintained as european integration proceeds .
- ( nl ) the evans report receives our support because the rapporteur has correctly indicated where the commission proposal needs adjusting. it is a step in the right direction .
in writing . - ( ro ) romania must make use of the new opportunities provided by the structural funds .
it can definitely be said that the recent gas crisis and the conflict in georgia have created new tensions in relations with the russian federation .
thank you , mr zimmerling : if i am informed correctly , this is the first time you are addressing this house. congratulations on your maiden speech : it went really well .
unfortunately these amendments did not receive the majority of votes , and therefore i have rejected the whole text .
thank you very much , mrs van bladel .
- the commission can accept the following amendments : and
are there ministers who have expressed reservations about the creation of europol ? if so , which ministers ? what are their objections ?
award of the sakharov prize to mr xanana gusmão
furthermore , during this time , the council has taken specific action a number of times. to mention some of these actions :
it is an exhaustive , well prepared document , in which no less than three european parliament committees gave their opinions , including the committee on budgets , whose opinion i prepared .
furthermore , i feel we ought to acknowledge that the work carried out by the commission in its proposal deserves our greatest appreciation .
we were voting on paragraph 44 , as i told you. i repeat : the amendment has fallen , and paragraph 44 has been adopted. that is the outcome of the vote .
therefore , maybe you could respond to mr van hulten ' s question and possibly discuss this matter with the bureau , that will meet to clarify the situation .
the commission should adopt a dynamic approach towards the criteria on admissibility , and the results indicators should be established on the basis of poverty reduction objectives being met .
there are three fundamental issues at stake at the moment. firstly , the present and the future of the stability and growth pact .
it still needs to be said once and for all that it is for the commission , not the council , to monitor implementation of the union 's treaties .
i am very british about this and prefer my minutes and responses and reports to look like they were drafted after events .
mr president , i wish to raise a genuine point of order .
1. application of schengen acquis in bulgaria and romania (
mr president , that was my last speech here in the european parliament .
madam president , i should like the fact that i was here yesterday to be recorded .
– oral question ( b6-0005 / 2005 ) by enrique barón crespo , on behalf of the committee on international trade , and luisa morgantini , on behalf of the committee on development , to the council , and
i am glad the committee on agriculture has rejected not only the amendments championed by the intermediaries of the american multinationals , but also the commission ' s proposals .
i would like to thank the commissioner for staying with us and , in particular , our interpreters for going over time .
the european union 's generalised system of preferences ( debate )
i am sorry , but i have no control in a debate like this over how long people are going to speak .
.i voted in favour of the adoption of a new european directive on batteries and accumulators and on the management of their waste .
( the president cut the speaker off )
thank you , mr sterckx , we take note of your statement .
the minutes of 21 november 1997 have been distributed .
subject : negotiations with fyr of macedonia towards eu membership
mr president , the brussels european council , devoted to budgetary and fiscal issues , is of the utmost importance .
it is essential that the israeli government does not object to this investigation being conducted .
the peoples must be concerned about and must act against the arming , militarisation and terrorism of the imperialists .
president of the commission . - the protection of personal data is a fundamental right explicitly recognised by article 8 of the european union charter of fundamental rights .
( b5-0859 / 2000 ) by marset campos and others , on behalf of the gue / ngl group ;
like many of my constituents , i am opposed to the cruel use of leghold traps .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
pursuant to rule 108 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure , i have received one motion for a resolution at the end of this debate ( 1 ) .
mr maat , that is not a point of order .
( the sitting was suspended at 7.30 p.m. and resumed at 9 p.m. )
the report therefore becomes the first item on the agenda .
i am looking forward to the debate in the house today and call on the european parliament to support this initiative .
the agreed compromise has two focal points. commissioner , you have said as much. i have a different opinion on this .
in writing . - ( sv ) we have chosen to vote for the resolution , since rising food prices are a problem for the supply of food around the world .
i believe that the commission must play a significant role in defending european interests. everyone is looking after number one , and that is not what we want to see .
i would now like to turn to the preparation of the ghent european council .
the vote will take place at the end of the debate .
the existing system of coordination is inadequate and so is the added value that we can expect from the economic research institute
in writing . - this grants the european data protection supervisor discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget for the financial year 2009 .
it is becoming clear that regional efforts offer the most promising avenue for a peaceful resolution to the conflict. for the eu , this implies giving full support to asean .
the commission certainly does its part , and i am well aware of the very significant efforts of the european parliament and of many of you back home .
( the speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under rule 149 ( 8 ) )
mr president , introducing competition within the air navigation services will not reduce delays to flights , nor will it harmonise europe 's skies , as the commission claims .
we in the commission also very much welcome parliament 's motion for a resolution : it is a firm , constructive statement of parliament 's commitment to gender equality .
report ( a5-0023 / 2001 ) by mr lipietz , on behalf of the committee on economic and monetary affairs , on action taken on the 1999 eib annual report [ 2000 / 2173 ( ini ) ]
madam president , i think that the exercise of religious freedom should be guaranteed by all the member states and by all the candidate countries .
( fr ) mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the hungarian government decided , at the close of 2010 , to stop subsidising the institute for young children established in budapest by emmi pikler .
the various rapporteurs and the various political groups have worked together , and i hope that this message will be conveyed to and perceived by the commission in this sense .
i hope our vote tomorrow will take account of these different parameters .
thirdly , we also need immediate public and private investment in research to develop better and cheaper technologies in relation to renewables and
mr president , water quality , particularly in coastal waters , is vitally important to the fisheries and aquaculture industries .
this common position improves on the legal framework for environmental protection .
i welcome the decision to cancel the vote on the improvement of relations between the eu and israel .
25. taxation and customs policies and the lisbon strategy ( vote )
we shall adjourn the debate at this point because of question time. it will be continued at 9 p.m. this evening .
9. impact of advertising on consumer behaviour (
( the president cut off the speaker )
third , the addition of celery and mustard and their derived products to the list of allergenic substances .
with the rapid spread of information technology , economic growth , productivity , employment and social equity have come to depend increasingly on the smooth operation of icts .
mr president , i should like in particular to thank mrs lynne and the committee on employment and social affairs for drafting this report .
( the sitting was suspended at 20.00 and resumed at 21.00 )
at the end of this debate , i have received seven motions for a resolution .
lasting peace in the middle east is dependent on respect for the rights of the palestinian , syrian and lebanese people to their own sovereignty .
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on thursday , 25 november 2010 .
( pl ) madam president , resolving kosovo 's status is a good test of the european union 's nascent foreign policy .
madam president , i wish to reiterate my thanks to all my fellow members for their speeches and for this debate which has been a very positive one indeed .
we shall adjourn this debate now and resume at 9 p.m.
we are obviously unable to endorse a directive of this nature .
we will examine questions to the council
i welcome your statement today on bosnia and herzegovina - that was a fine statement , but you have failed to appoint a head for the delegation in sarajevo .
pursuant to rule 37 ( 2 ) i have received six motions for resolution to wind up the debate
hence our vote against the report .
a resolute and successful policy in this field must take account of the different realities and not forget that behind them the european citizens are awaiting a response .
i have noted your complaint and it will be taken into account. the quaestors will be alerted to the situation when it comes to totalling the vote .
otherwise the public will not understand why we are voting on a text tomorrow that is already useless because there is an agreement outside parliament .
( the sitting was suspended at 09.40 and resumed at 10.00 . )
the vote will take place on wednesday , 20 october , at 12 : 30 .
1 ) in general , the appointment of those elected is the province of national bodies , as provided by articles 7 and 11 of the act of 20 september 1976 ;
mr president , yesterday , i gave an explanation of vote in writing on trafficking in human beings , and there is no record of it in the minutes .
14. enforcement of consumer protection laws (
in conclusion , the commission welcomes parliament ’ s report and hopes that the fruitful policy dialogue between the european investment bank and parliament will continue .
if you wish , you may request a referral back to committee , but please wait until we vote on the item in question .
mr president , we , the british conservative meps , are not happy with this proposal. we believe it is not necessary for the completion of the single market .
the vote will take place tomorrow ( wednesday , 25 march 2009 ) .
thank you very much , mr schnellhardt .
it was for those reasons that this house , last year , decided to exclude health services from the services directive. we should not undo this today !
initiatives of this kind allow the coordination of eu policy instruments in order to have a coherent , stable and sustainable development of the regions involved .
i welcome commissioner kinnock , and i thank him very warmly for having been kind enough to agree , on the hoof as it were , to respond to parliament 's invitation .
it is a fact that financing for renewable energy sources has risen by 300 % . at the same time , however , financing for fossil fuel projects has risen by 430 % .
the outgoing united kingdom ambassador , william patey , has indicated that iraq is already in an undeclared civil war .
i think we cannot do without a long-term marshall-type plan .
secondly , the committee on budgetary control can at any stage , precisely because it is not incompatible , seek authorization for a meeting , and i will grant it .
we must address the situation with a reasonable sense of reality .
thank you , mr nielson. on behalf of parliament , i should also like to thank you for your work .
( sv ) this is a terrible catastrophe to have hit hungary and i have a great deal of sympathy for the people who have been affected .
review of the european neighbourhood policy - eastern dimension - review of the european neighbourhood policy - southern dimension
( el ) mr president , let me begin by congratulating mrs oomen-ruijten on her report .
indeed , mr martin. you are absolutely on the ball .
27. access to the network : cross-border exchanges in electricity (
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see minutes
mr president , it is my pleasure to challenge mr langan .
the simplified treaty is a political victory for europe. it is a victory of the european awareness expressed through politics .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
president-in-office of the council . ( de ) i can give a fairly short answer to this. there is no majority support for such a change among the member states .
mr president , we will gladly support our compromise resolution , especially once the gue / ngl has pulled out .
finally , i would like to congratulate you , mr president , on the excellent job that you have done on your first day in the chair .
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , today ’ s debate is extremely important and responds to the expectations of the citizens , who are calling for greater maritime safety .
mr president , at its first reading , parliament did nothing about this directive because it appeared to be a technical directive which presented no difficulties .
based on this element , i am calling on the european commission to bear in mind three points when it comes to providing financial support for the eri :
by basing levels of variable compensation on predetermined and measurable performance criteria ;
i ask you to repeat parliament 's request that the council participate in this debate .
we shall now proceed to the vote .
madam president , i congratulate the member who exceeded the speaking time , because i believe that exceeding useless restrictions is a good thing .
the issue of who is going to regulate any new liberalized gas network in each member state of the eu appears to remain unresolved .
that is what i was proposing to do .
another problem is that the data we generate should be as homogeneous as possible , and this will entail a degree of harmonisation .
mr mcmahon , on a point of order .
for fear of compromising its investments , the international community refrains from condemning these violations of basic human rights , or does so half-heartedly .
bloch von blottnitz recommendation for second reading
we are also grateful for her insistence on actively promoting equal opportunities between men and women as a transversal condition. there can never be too much of that .
... ( without microphone ) directly personal to us all. i think i have always avoided making personal attacks ; it is not my custom to do so and i should like ...
there are just two or three points that i would make , briefly , from the consumer point of view of the committee on the environment , public health and consumer protection .
fourthly , there is the clarification regarding the financial statements , where the compromise agreed reflects parliament and the council 's common goal of simplifying and limiting the number of certificates .
agenda for next sitting : see minutes
the following questions are addressed to the council .
thirdly , we need strict and rigorously applied sanctions against gross negligence or premeditated transgression of animal welfare regulations .
let me spend a little time on two issues which have been the subject of your intense debate .
i welcome the report 's positive comments about the improvement in cross-straits relations .
there is clearly a risk of out and out civil war , and the european union has worked hard to prevent such a development .
2. financial instrument for the environment ( life + ) ( vote )
lastly , but not least , i salute the courage of the east timorese people .
there is also a second group of professionals : the herbal physicians , chiropractors , osteopaths , homeopaths and nutritionists who focus on a more natural approach to health .
furthermore , however , atmospheric pollution has worsened as a result of acid rain , and of greater concentrations of dangerous products in the atmosphere .
current roaming prices penalise users travelling between different member states and constitute an obstacle to a genuine single market .
( it ) mr president , i am continuing the discussion on quality food .
if , in future , parliament acts in accordance with these guidelines , it will certainly benefit the credibility of both institutions in the eyes of the public .
mr president , may i just say that i would like to add my compliments on the work that has been done and the comments that have already been made .
ongoing collection of statistical data on important economic issues is very necessary. the member states should make every effort to modernise and improve this system .
i was told that the bureau had been informed .
so , thank you very much for your work , mr coelho , and thank you for a good debate in this plenary .
mr president , thank you , mrs fraga estévez , for your constructive and well-balanced report .
the commission would like to confirm that it accepts amendments nos 1 , 3 to 8 , 10 , 11 , 12 , 15 and 16 .
- before the vote on amendment 7 :
the vote will take place tomorrow ( thursday , 17 december 2009 ) .
i think the world bank has other systems , but it is precisely the management of the imf that ought to be able to meet and coordinate their efforts .
very well. i take note of your point , and i shall give you reply as soon as possible .
that was a rudery off-mike and you are taking up my speaking time , mrs harms .
european rail network for competitive freight ( debate )
the minutes of today 's sitting will be submitted for parliament 's approval at the next part-session .
can the council assess the results of the recent eu-africa ministerial meeting on migration held in tripoli ?
i am very sorry , because of time constraints i cannot take any more. so we now go back to the rapporteur , the much-praised mrs doyle .
mr president , i would like to continue my strasbourg tradition of naming and shaming member states who fail to comply with the lisbon directives .
the next item is the election of the vice-presidents .
mr president-in-office , eur 2 billion less would be a false economy .
the next item is the joint debate on :
14 / 2 : i voted in favour of this as it will reduce the negative impact of eu legislation on cargoes of non-gm soya beans destined for the uk .
i therefore look forward to continuing our close and constructive collaboration and presenting the commission 's proposal to this house later this year .
( the president cut the speaker off )
. i agree with this own-initiative report that raises the issue of the impact of the common fisheries policy ( cfp ) on the eu ’ s outermost regions .
subject : combating the harmful effects of alcohol
let us fight to ensure that positions of this ...
the next item is the vote .
the peoples of the congo and of africa do not need ' international protectors ' who are in any case responsible for the wars and the desperate situation they are in .
we shall begin with the joint debate on the budgetary procedure for the financial year 2006. we shall examine
there have been three targeted attacks in less than nine months .
– mr president , as well as world war i , europe experienced another disaster in 1918 , namely the spanish influenza. the latter claimed 20 million victims , and resembled avian influenza in some respects .
the conclusion was to replace all other terms included in amendments by ' former yugoslav republic of macedonia ' .
this law has been strongly criticised by the un high commissioner for human rights ' representative in colombia and by all human rights organisations .
i really must insist that members observe the limits on their speaking time. i cannot extend every member 's speaking time by half , or we will not sleep tonight .
the integration process that started in western european - the original ' european idea ' - is turning into a plan to unify the continent .
( the president cut the speaker off )
fears that policies focusing on increasing eu competitiveness may jeopardise the interests of women in other regions of the world .
mr president , i wish to begin by thanking my colleagues mr goebbels and mr karas for their work in preparing the reports on public finances .
today is the death-knell of the dream of a federal europe !
are there any other points of order ?
we are discussing the report on the european network of contact points in respect of persons responsible for genocide , crimes against humanity and war crimes .
the next item is the joint debate on :
outcome of the european council in lisbon , 23 -24 march 2000
i can give you only a general answer. i will inform my colleague of your views .
fifthly , we believe it is important that the chemicals and aluminium industries should also be included in this directive .
in writing . - ( pl ) i support mr ehler 's report for two reasons .
( the sitting was suspended at 1.35 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
the next item is the commission 's statement on the situation in taiwan following the recent typhoon .
( the sitting was closed at 7 p.m. )
we need to turn words into action .
european group on ethics , science and new technologies
however , there has not been one word about :
i hope that we give the council a strong signal that it cannot expect its nations to accept this wave of bureaucracy .
i am convinced that , in this spirit , you can pave the way for the emergence of a balanced solution , soon .
i want to make four points :
4. paragraph no 71 of the report , by simplistically proposing an end to bullfighting ...
finally , i congratulate mr hoppenstedt on his report and on his vigorous efforts to strengthen the role of the european parliament in this decision .
we note that you want to pension the council off , which is fairly normal in view of your political career .
the commission is fully committed to ensuring effective protection of workers ' rights and will continue to combat all forms of social dumping and infringements of workers ' rights .
i wish to stress that nothing can justify genocide , not even an attempt to gain freedom and sovereignty for one 's own nation .
madam president , i wonder if commissioner tajani would agree that , in a sense , the biggest obstacle to the correct observation of community law are in fact our national governments .
award of the sakharov prize - 20th anniversary ( formal sitting )
. mr president , i would like to begin by thanking the commission for the presentation of this communication and mrs almeida garrett for her report .
i must also stress the importance of non-discriminatory rules governing sports competitions , by fixing equivalent prizes for men and women .
the report concludes , inter alia , that the aid received by our industry has not solved the korean issue .
this is an excellent report , and it has my full support .
however , our continued support for the draft regulation depends on the commission addressing the major concerns that the rapporteur raised in his speech last night .
' without prejudice to their respective powers and responsibilities in order to cope with international disequilibria . '
the next item is the debate on six motions for resolutions on uzbekistan .
this resolution takes it for granted not only that industrial restructuring is necessary but that such restructuring necessarily entails layoffs , and that we must mitigate the effects of these .
10. preparations for cancún climate change conference ( 29 november-10 december ) (
( explanation of vote cut pursuant to rule 163 of the rules of procedure )
i supported this report and consequently voted in favour of it .
by adopting this report , the european union is giving an initial response to a call for justice which has hitherto been disregarded .
you have the floor , mr president .
question hour with the president of the commission
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , we would - all in all and in the light of these arguments - ask parliament to reject austria 's initiative tomorrow .
( abbreviated in accordance with rule 137 ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure )
we shall now proceed to the vote .
approval of minutes of previous sitting : see minutes
. i support my socialist colleague , willi rothley , on his report which calls for a new car insurance directive to improve the legal protection of accident victims .
when these objectives are met , the aims of this report will then be achieved .
the vote will take place tomorrow .
sakharov prize winners are men and women whose lives have been devoted , always at great personal sacrifice , to the cause of freedom of expression , democracy , freedom and human rights .
the vote on the report by mr maňka will take place tomorrow , and the vote on the report by mrs trüpel will take place today at 12.00 .
the vote will take place today at 12 noon .
this proposal is confined to codification of the existing texts relating to units of measurement , without any change in their substance , so i am voting in favour .
- before the vote on amendment 7 :
adoption of the minutes of the previous sitting
( the president cut off the speaker )
let me highlight some of the issues discussed in more detail , focusing in particular on how the commission intends to take work forward .
the next item is the report by mr vidal-quadras on behalf of the committee on industry , research and energy on energy efficiency ( green paper ) [ 2005 / 2210 ( ini ) ] ( a6-0160 / 2006 ) .
assuming that it survives tomorrow , the council and mr barroso should know that his team of commissioners is unlikely to survive intact for long .
all in all , i eagerly await the commission 's proposals at the end of this year. i hope the commission will take many of parliament 's requests on board .
i have received a motion for a resolution1 tabled by six political groups .
the next item is the one-minute speeches on matters of political importance .
mr moorhouse has informed me that he has joined the group of the european liberal , democrat and reform party .
i am happy for you to explain your point further .
thank you mr caveri. we will , of course , take your comment , which would appear well-founded , into consideration .
i believe that this step will be highly significant and successful , which is why i also wish the hungarian presidency every success in promoting pro-european forces in serbia .
supplementary and amending budget no 1 / 97
i should like to thank mrs fraisse and mrs gill for their excellent report and their contribution to the realisation of this action programme .
following on from this , it remains for the council to concern itself less with prestige and to spend more time on working to achieve results .
subject : alternative energy research and development fund
mr president , we are about to undertake a series of very important roll-call votes. can you confirm that mr brienza has been registered in the voting system today ?
an important milestone at tampere was reached when it was decided to continue with the convergence of civil law and civil process law , for better cooperation and legal protection .
secondly , the term " document " should be taken in a broad sense. electronic mail also falls under this heading .
b5-0215 / 2001 , by mr di lello finuoli and others , on behalf of the confederal group of the european united left / nordic green left , on children abducted by one of their parents ;
we cannot just let abuses be writ large in the newspapers and all our efforts writ small , for what we have achieved with our efforts is not that small !
i agree with the contention that smes are privileged media for disseminating culture , deserving the support of both member states and european institutions .
the next item is the council and commission statements on the appointments of esa senior executives .
allow me to finish by saying that my brotherly love towards and solidarity with the turkish people prevent me from voting in favour of this report .
finally , i hope that in europe the pharmacovigilance system , which i outlined as a pharmacologist and that guarantees maximum protection of citizens , will be made more efficient and transparent .
however , this limit will be reviewed and , if appropriate , revised in two years ' time .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
11. common organisation of the market in wine ( vote )
can the commission provide an up-to-date assessment of current adherence to the rules ?
report ( a5-0247 / 2003 ) by ilda figueiredo , on behalf of the committee on employment and social affairs , on the scoreboard on implementing the social policy agenda ( com ( 2003 ) 57 - 2003 / 2097 ( ini ) )
i believe i have answered most of the questions put to me. i am grateful to the president and to the meps who put questions to the commission .
the british society for human genetics says : ' article 5 appears both to permit and to exclude the patenting of human gene sequences . '
i shall now give the floor to mr nicolaï , on behalf of the council .
that will certainly be done , mr staes .
the next item is the council and commission statements on the recent peace agreement in northern ireland .
the vote will take place at 12 : 00 today , but not on this proposal .
3. the case of the al-kurd family
the next item is the one-minute speeches on matters of political importance .
mr president , sierra leone is a country where the situation has been getting worse in recent years , both politically and in terms of living conditions for the population .
for these reasons , the commission regards the legal position as being that neither agreement requires assent .
commission legislative and work programme for 2008 ( motions for resolutions tabled ) : see minutes
that concludes questions to the commission .
mr president , on this subject i want to do two things : firstly , congratulate the commission and mrs grossetête , and , secondly , talk about subsidiarity .
the gallagher report is also interesting in that it refers to social aspects or regards agreements with third countries as a fundamental part of the cfp .
i , too , would like to offer my congratulations on this report .
. the honourable member who asked the last question has left. however , i can say that we are studying the possibilities for the accession he was asking about .
mr president , my group has always defended the principles of respecting and protecting freedoms , human , social and national rights and rights to sovereignty and democratic development .
that concludes the explanations of vote .
9. human rights in the world 2006 and the eu 's policy on the matter ( vote )
( the president cut off the speaker . )
firstly , the commission , member states and their organisations must provide consumers with information upstream. it is unacceptable that more and more citizens are being scammed .
the following questions have been submitted to the council .
- commission legislative programme ( 2006 ) ( rc-b6-0636 / 2005 )
finally , mr president-in-office of the council , you have indicated in your programme that :
thank you very much , mrs bjerregaard .
( the sitting was closed at 8.15 p.m. )
financial , economic and social crisis : measures and initiatives to be taken ( debate )
member of the commission . - ( cs ) ladies and gentlemen , as we all know , the global economy is increasingly shaped by technological innovation .
to conclude this debate , i have received four motions for resolutions .
i think the european union should move on from words to deeds .
i wish to comment on two amendments already approved by the committee on industry , research and energy :
the next item is the order of business .
we must expect fundamental change , including from the european union and its institutions , in relation to such conduct .
the next item is the statements by the council and the commission on the situation in kosovo .
i urge colleagues to vote today for economic and cultural pluralism and a directive which ensures europeans produce and view tv programmes reflecting their own interests and values .
as the author is not present , questions no 7 lapses. question no 8 by pat the cope gallagher ( h-0383 / 02 ) , which has been taken over by mr crowley :
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
what view does the council take of such suspicions ?
still , we see some improvements in the visa policy , and therefore we will support this report .
mr president , i should like to thank the commissioner and mr gloser for their statements on us-european relations .
madam president , the committee on economic and monetary affairs and industrial policy expresses its satisfaction with the commission 's green paper on copyright and related rights in the information society .
that is why we shall vote against it .
i have largely supported projects for the third world , despite the fact that in principle i am against the eu being involved in activities in these areas .
19. the work of the acp-eu joint parliamentary assembly in 2007 (
i have taken a careful note of mr hughes ' intervention and we will ascertain whether any paragraphs have disappeared from the motion for a resolution .
and in return : i repeat , total agricultural subsidies will increase by a mere 8 % up to 2013 , not counting the integration of bulgaria and romania scheduled for 2007 .
i give the floor to the president-in-office to answer mrs theorin 's question .
mr president , my group will support both reports , and with regard to mr stubb 's report , it will vote in favour of amendments 6 , 7 and 8 .
fifthly , the procedure does not guarantee adequate democratic control .
evaluation of the dublin system ( continuation of debate )
the vote will take place at 11 a.m.
i have decided to abstain from the vote on mr virrankoski 's report on the abb-abm method as a management tool for allocating budgetary resources .
the fourth point refers to the transfer from analogue tv to digital tv and its consequences for users in terms of the use and acquisition of new terminals .
the commission cannot accept amendment 33 as it is felt that three years is too short a period within which to have an external evaluation .
that is what we are studying at the moment .
third , an integrated approach demands proper multilevel governance , involving all stakeholders in the design and implementation of strategies .
the next item is the commission statement on the measures to be taken following the oil crisis and the increase in the price of oil .
it is crucial to send an unequivocal message of support and encouragement that europe is standing behind greece .
this report underlines the importance of creativity and innovation. i see this year of promotion as a great opportunity for disseminating information concerning creative processes and various practices .
existing agencies must be absorbed ( such as the european monitoring centre on racism and xenophobia , whose functioning has left much to be desired ) .
i am deeply concerned that , whilst sporting events bring joy to millions worldwide , they are also ruthlessly being used as an opportunity to exploit women and girls .
( the sitting was suspended at 19.15 and resumed at 21.00 . )
the vote will take place on thursday at 12 noon .
in welcoming this scheme , i hope that when it is reviewed in 2003 , if any of the problems i have mentioned have arisen , these can be addressed .
( es ) mr president , i would like to begin by congratulating mr stubb on his work as shadow rapporteur for the socialist group in the european parliament .
22. area of freedom , security and justice ( vote )
the commission proposes , in connection with its efforts to achieve harmonisation at community level , the introduction of a system of authorisations for the provision of air navigation services .
thirdly , clear and strict regulations would eliminate the current distortions of competition when crop protection products are allowed to be used. that would be a welcome development .
mr mcmahon , you have the floor on a point of order .
the present report contains some building blocks , but on the whole i believe it does not go far enough , which is why i was unable to endorse it .
mr straw , the present is a consequence of the past. the deaths occurring daily and the killing of mr calipari , the secret agent , bear witness to this fact .
i regret that certain very sensible amendments were rejected by a narrow margin .
( parliament rejected the motion for resolution )
what measures does the commission intend to take to promote the further development of the trans-european high-speed rail link from paris via strasbourg to munich and budapest ?
to a certain extent , ensuring equal opportunities for men and women is like trying to attain the unattainable .
thirdly , the title ' council and commission statements on the standardisation of electric cars ' has been amended to ' council and commission statements on electric cars ' .
the report does not demonise moderate consumption of wine ( except in the specific case of pregnant women ) , which is part of our culture and traditions , but addresses alcohol abuse .
for me personally it also carries a special significance : you are the first head of state to address our house during my presidency .
( the house rose and accorded the speaker a standing ovation )
we abstained on the majority of the amendments because even the best intentioned ones still propose improving a constitution that we reject .
does the commission wish to make a comment ?
. that is rather a new question and one which i regret to say i cannot answer immediately .
in any case , the commission will come forward with further proposals to improve energy security in europe , following our strategic energy review of last november .
europe will not be built by negating the history of its peoples and its nations and going against the national realities .
as regards management , the countries concerned have both the right and the duty to adopt a policy that clearly involves local populations in management .
since my colleague chris patten is attending two summits simultaneously today , i would like to respond to some of the points on his behalf .
the next item is the debate on the following six motions for a resolution :
in writing . - i support all efforts to make rail freight more effective , because of its environmental advantages compared to road freight .
my question was simple : how did mr harbour 's influence help with adoption of his written declaration , which failed to get the requisite number of signatures ?
mr smith wishes to speak on a point of order .
mr pex has the floor to move the request .
one point with which we cannot wholeheartedly agree concerns the policy of reducing crew numbers , since what we are advocating is renovation , not reduction .
that is what i hope will happen .
i hope many local authorities will actually participate in these consultations .
i think that mr schuman 's words are as current as ever , and can be guiding in our joint task to develop europe further. thank you very much .
the increase in life expectancy means that in future larger numbers of elderly people will face poverty unless european solidarity comes to their aid .
the security and independence of journalists are issues of great concern to the european union , which has recently reiterated its views on the situation of the media in russia .
that being said , even if the amounts in question are minimal , they are still covered under contractual liability .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
what trade funding initiatives has it taken ? what progress has been made by current trade negotiations and what measures are being envisaged to consolidate eu external trade flows ?
the sitting will be suspended for two minutes. question time to the commission will follow at 6 p.m.
do you not agree that the best way forward would be for that referendum to take place , with european backing ?
allow me to thank you for this very timely invitation to address you on ukraine , which is a key partner for the european union .
who would like to speak against the proposal submitted ?
i would say , in this regard , that the internet makes life so much easier these days .
i am therefore in favour of continuing to provide funding , and i will put forward a proposal to that effect .
i am talking about the introduction of a compulsory non-eu origin label , to be applied to raw materials too .
madam president , it is not my task to make a political evaluation of the new commission. however i would like to say a few words about fishing .
madam president , i would like to join the chorus of praise for our ombudsman. he has done a splendid job and it has rightly been recognised by parliament .
an increase in funding for the life + programme .
we shall now proceed to the vote .
the vote will take place on wednesday 18 june 2008 .
mr president , strasbourg is a beautiful and historic city but , for those of us living some distance away , it is extremely difficult to access .
( the president cut off the speaker )
oral questions and written declarations ( submission ) : see minutes
last october i expressed my views on the hatzidakis report on the transport of dangerous goods by rail .
( the sitting closed at 11.15 p.m. )
in my view , the report is extremely arbitrary and fails to take appropriate account of the needs of germany 's automobile industry or environmental concerns .
introduce extensive and strict controls on all european union herds and imports ,
thank you , mr paasilinna , we will look into all that and check the sound system in general .
religious freedom must become a banner of the human community , and my wish is for everyone to enjoy faith , hope and charity , but also justice and freedom .
i would ask that clear signals be sent out from the summit , but the signal must not be ' let us carry on as before ' .
i say this as the rapporteur on the original regulation on public access to documents , which we implemented in this house in 2001 .
we also condemn the fact that rest periods are excluded from working time , which means that the driver is not able to use this time as he wishes .
following the discussions i referred to above , i decided , pursuant to rule 147 ( 3 ) of the rules of procedure , to take the following measures :
it is nevertheless vitally important to ensure that europe can make good use of investment so that research work leads to new , better and commercially exploitable goods and services .
( the president cut off the speaker )
we shall check that without delay .
that is a sign of the maturity of our democracy and it makes me proud of our country !
are specific provisions planned for processed products of animal origin from third countries ?
. mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i should like to pay tribute to mr pittella , the rapporteur , and to mr lewandowski , the chairman of the committee on budgets .
thank you , commissioner , for your magnificent brevity. i should also like to thank the services , particularly the interpreters , for working late this evening .
( the president cut off the speaker )
oddly enough , i think it does matter that you understand what you are talking about if you are making laws for the whole of the eu .
mr janssen van raay , this is not the time to raise that question. it is a matter for the committee on legal affairs and citizens ' rights .
within this context , the european union must consider the best way to demonstrate its leadership in the field of climate policy on the international scene .
member of the commission . - mr president , let me start by thanking rapporteurs berès and feio and the honourable members for this very substantial and substantive debate .
from a budgetary point of view , the report proposes certain innovations which , after discussion in our parliamentary committee , have been accepted by all the political groups in that committee .
mr schulz wishes to speak in favour of the request .
mr papakyriazis has the floor on a point of order .
hence our vote against the report .
thank you for your attention. i look forward to hearing the points you wish to raise in this debate .
agenda of the next sitting : see minutes
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
finally , my thanks to the rapporteur and the people who worked with her .
i hope that your debates and discussions will prove fruitful , and i wish you a most pleasant stay in belgium. welcome to the european parliament .
having said that , i should like to make it clear , mrs flemming , that , in general , i like austria and austrian people .
in malaysia , it is the name allah that the christian and muslim communities argue about , a dispute that results in the ransacking and pillaging of churches .
before the vote on amendment 7
it is dangerous and disingenuous to link the so-called ‘ war on terror ’ , in conjunction with the usa , with the non-proliferation of weapons of mass destruction .
( the house rose and accorded the speaker a standing ovation )
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on 10 march 2005 .
b5-0631 / 2001 by mr costa neves and mr coelho , on behalf of the ppe-de group ;
prompt and effective identification of all suspect and probable sars cases , and their appropriate isolation in hospitals ;
i agree absolutely that europe is moving in the right direction. the bodywork is the constitution , the engine is the euro and the petrol is the budget .
( de ) mr president , commissioner , i have already stated in committee that we appreciate your efforts and that we thank you for those efforts .
- before the vote on amendment 3 :
in this european parliament , we should particularly regret the jailing of nine of the party 's elected mayors and the banning of two of its mps .
that is why we voted in favour of the compromise .
( for the results and other details on the vote : see minutes )
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on thursday 3 february 2000 .
it is important for this regulation and the commission ’ s communication to come into force at the earliest opportunity. the regulation ought to be in place on 1 july 2004 .
– the next item is voting time .
i think the presidency has answered that already .
( es ) madam president , commissioner , it concerns me that frequently a lack of coordination means that sustainability criteria are not applied to agriculture .
i should like to congratulate mrs béguin on her exceptionally positive report .
progress has been made in drafting the code , especially in relation to the appropriate legal instruments for its adoption , and the future elaboration of eight criteria .
in this way we could begin to make less relevant those radicalised islamic parties which are now the subject of so much attention in that part of the world .
mr president , i tried yesterday to get a commission statement on the french refusal to lift the beef ban but unfortunately the proposal to change the agenda was rejected .
or even in parliament , but fortunately , most of our colleagues are not as noisy as that !
i ask you , commissioner , to be on your guard against allowing any such distortions to occur and , above all , to ensure that they are not financed from community funds .
luckily , you are over call-up age , mr batten , so it will never affect you .
i propose that it should read as follows :
( el ) madam president , i should like to ask the president-in-office of the council about the new commission proposal 2008 / 414 on the rights of patients to cross-border services .
( the sitting was suspended at 11.20 and resumed at 11.30 )
the applications of montenegro and albania have been forwarded to the commission and i believe we can expect its opinion within a year or so .
mr efthymiou , i can promise you that we will look into this very carefully and , if necessary , a correction will be made .
this is why we have taken the initiative of a committee of inquiry to throw light on the so-called ' mad cow ' drama .
i would ask you to give mrs roth-behrendt our best wishes for a speedy recovery .
i applaud and encourage this solution to which i hope the european commission will agree .
what is the status of the european solidarity fund application for flooding relief submitted by the irish government to the commission in january 2010 ?
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
why not continue to strictly monitor the us producers ?
- before the vote on paragraph 13 :
the next item is the joint debate on the following oral questions :
thank you very much mr poignant. that almost raises the question of whether you would like to apply to join the government .
the amendment to article 1 ( 1 ) ( i ) concerning article 2 ( 1 ) ( a ) , penultimate subparagraph , of regulation ( eec ) no 1601 / 91 was incorporated in its entirety into the common position. parliament 's arguments were therefore accepted .
we should start to move in the right direction and progressively evaluate and review the msy reference points as fisheries develop .
now , in a telegraphic manner , i shall put forward some other recent outstanding events concerning human rights in the basque country , in addition to those you mentioned , mr president :
the funk report on which we have to give our opinion has therefore had two proposals for regulations cut from it as they were rejected on 17 september 1996 .
) , chairman of the delegation for relations with south africa . - mr president , i will be very brief indeed because the house does not want to be detained .
commissioner , you mentioned eur 46 million in aid. i would just like to ask whether that aid will reach georgia this year. what will be the timetable ?
as we know , mr stavros lambrinidis has communicated to me his appointment as minister of foreign affairs in the greek government with effect from 17 june 2011 .
madam president , i wish to raise the treaty debate which is taking place in ireland at the moment .
let me explain all this in greater detail .
we need new multilateral procedures , we need cooperation because the success of the global economy and the livelihoods of many people around the world depend on it .
- the next item is the debate on six motions for resolutions on the situation in the democratic republic of congo and rape as a war crime .
. i voted in favour of the joint resolution on the parliamentary elections in moldova .
as regards the issue of secure flights mentioned by mr lambrinidis , we have already conducted an in-depth discussion with the us authorities on aviation security .
( the sitting was suspended at 12.50 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
commissioner , do not wait until the lights go out again ! let us act now and keep energy security at the top of the political agenda in peacetime .
such procrastination illustrates once again the institutional shortcomings of the european union , while the economic pillar is given considerable decision-making powers .
- before the vote on the commission proposal
member of the commission. mr president , many speakers have said that the division of cyprus is tragic. i fully agree. reunification should have happened yesterday at the latest .
but we will also have to act internationally on these issues and make sure that there are sustainability criteria and that this does not add to the food crisis .
that concludes question time. questions not taken for lack of time will be answered in writing .
the vote will take place on thursday .
subject : commission proposal for a european parliament and council regulation on roaming on public mobile networks in the community
recognise natural disasters specifically affecting the mediterranean area where more than 90 % of forest fires and drought are recorded ;
the work programme for 2002 is more developed and ambitious than this year and hopefully on the basis of this report we can make significant progress .
thank you very much , ladies and gentlemen .
( the president cut off the speaker )
approval of minutes of previous sitting : see minutes
thank you for pointing that out. we shall ensure that everything is available in good time .
mr president , your speed on votes is well known , but at least when there is a change of commissioner and a change of report we request your indulgence .
i would prefer to submit the commission position on the amendments in writing because the safety at work directive starts with the limits on our working hours !
whilst the community budget is short of meeting our daily needs , why throw taxpayers ’ money down the drain on research that will never have any tangible benefit ?
i have four questions for mr mccreevy .
i should like to conclude by voicing my support for the report that has been tabled on the 2007-2013 financial perspective , provided that the additional amendments to it are adopted .
questions 63 , 64 and 77 will not be answered because they deal with topics that are already included in the order of business for the current part-session .
i quite agree , mr katiforis. this is the view we should take of the matter .
this is a step in the right direction in order to go some way towards eliminating the odious transportation of animals which currently exists in the eu .
mr bonde , i must consult the entire house as to whether or not it consents to suspending the sitting .
the guidelines that we are to approve today are good , and i think we should view them as a challenge to examine our own expenditure with a critical eye .
despite this , many people will not realise until then - and it will come as a bit of a shock - that europe does affect their daily routine .
madam president , this is a truly historic event : the first modification of the 1976 act .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 10 a.m.
extending consultation in particularly serious cases ; extending the concept of a serious breach of the obligations to inform and consult ; the implementation of the directive on public administration .
combating hiv / aids , malaria and tuberculosis in developing countries
in writing . - ( it ) the romeva i rueda report contains certain critical areas that prompt us to disagree with the individual paragraphs that comprise it .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 9 a.m.
is the commission concerned that the uk government refuses to release safety reports on the channel tunnel , and will the council make representations to release this evidence ?
perhaps commissioner bangemann could tell me whether the commission is aware of the presence of this parasite in fish in scotland , ireland or elsewhere .
the new partnership with turkey includes specific terms on numerous issues , including the good neighbours policy , property belonging to minorities , religious freedom and limiting the role of the army .
it is also necessary to promote peace , development cooperation and aid , and a significant cut in military spending and overseas representation .
what i take from mrs gottardi 's report on public finances is that it has learned no lessons from the world crisis .
in addition , consumers are becoming increasingly more aware of the contribution made by agriculture to sustainability , climate change , food safety , biodiversity , animal welfare and the water shortage .
for measurable results to be delivered , innovation and research in low-carbon technologies must be adequately and effectively supported .
( fr ) until now these two objective criteria ...
i declare the 2010-2011 session of the european parliament open .
11. eib annual report for 2009 (
mr president , the communist party of greece rejects wholesale all three proposals for regulations …
no , no , my position is still the same. i agree with that european parliamentary resolution .
what is the process by which european ce standard marks are awarded and which commissioner is responsible ?
mr president , the exercise i was asked to participate in has proved extraordinarily instructive and , i must say , a real pleasure .
i also support mr berend 's view that devolution to the regions will provide further improvement .
grand federalist moves to definitively transform the european commission into the government of europe are once again in full swing .
as for women ' s rights and human rights , i hope that some progress can be made at the intergovernmental conference .
. - ( ro ) i would like to thank francisco josé millán mon for his excellent report on transatlantic relations .
as no one else wishes to speak , i put the request for urgent procedure to the vote .
the vote will take place at 12 noon .
7. towards a reform of the world trade organisation (
madam president , i apologise for my ignorance. i am a human rights lawyer with very little expertise on economic issues , so i have two very basic questions .
in writing. i welcome the vote today on the services directive and support the compromise reached .
the measures in commissioner huebner 's plan cohesion policy : investing in the real economy are practical and they are measures which should be adopted by domestic authorities without delay .
i nevertheless find it regrettable that this action plan is not a legally binding instrument .
secondly , why have the adopted anti-terrorism measures not been properly enforced by all member states ?
the vote will take place on thursday , 24 april 2008 .
texts of agreements forwarded by the council : see minutes
the vote will take place at the end of the debate .
mrs mcguinness , i assure you that i have been looking at you nearly the entire time , and that i have seen you asking for the floor .
we see this in uganda , we see this in somalia , we see this in ethiopia and eritrea , we see it in kenya , we see it in central africa .
mr president , i shall just speak very briefly to tell mr de keyser that he must have been wrongly informed .
i hope that will lead to a next step. we will look again at the question you raise and let you have information on the subject .
even today , there are more than 20 different rail safety systems on eu territory , and it is clear how this can cause problems , particularly on international stretches of line .
finally , we must , as politicians , defend freedom of expression and not restrict it unnecessarily and without due care .
the commission has undertaken to propose , in the next few months , a legislative initiative that will enable the finishing touches to be put to a truly european supervisory system .
question no 3 by christine oddy ( h-0001 / 99 ) subject : amnesty international and the european union 's human rights policy
i will report to the honourable gentleman when we have more substantial information , and it may be that we will make legislative proposals on the basis of that information .
the occupation of northern cyprus - a region i have recently visited - in violation of the territorial integrity of cyprus , is also clearly unacceptable .
how will it prevent companies from using motives unverifiable by users for not implementing the regulation and from reducing it to an exercise in style ?
i have received seven motions for resolutions tabled pursuant to rule 37 ( 2 ) .
( the sitting was suspended at 11.20 a.m. and resumed at 11.30 a.m. )
– the report is referred back to committee in accordance with rule 52 ( 3 ) of the rules of procedure .
the notion that we punish children for the sins of the parents is one we rightly oppose around the world , but apparently it is now ok within europe .
thank you very much , madam president .
the eib should also have a more evolved policy when it comes to development issues , for example , development in the developing world as the bank ' s activities there increase .
we therefore support all mr ferber ' s amendments .
( the president cut off the speaker )
until we have recognised the reality of this danger , islamic terrorists will pursue their revolutionary jihad .
i have nothing else to add , and without wishing to waste his time , i shall hand over to the experience and eloquence of mr michel on this subject .
first , we need to consider the creation of a new equilibrium between the large urban centres and the countryside .
you have made a formal proposal. i will follow the due procedure .
i would also like to point out that i will not be giving my backing to the report on croatia , primarily because it does not treat slovenia fairly .
( the sitting was closed at 7.05 p.m. )
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , as well as thanking mr radwan , the rapporteur , there are five aspects i would like to address .
we are expecting a major contribution from the member states ' advisory committees as well as from this house .
the vote will take place on thursday at 12 noon .
mr president , i wish to thank mrs damião for all her work and i hope that she will get well soon .
moreover , increased flexibility in employment contracts has led to new family and employment circumstances which affect social and family profiles and families ' needs .
the fact is that 27 member states reached a consensus , respected the mandate and agreed on a treaty - and all of this on the thursday night , after dinner .
the vote will take place in a few moments .
( the sitting was opened at 09.00 )
subject : price rises in the eu
secondly , we believe that there should not only be progress with regard to qualified majority voting , but that there should always be codecision in relation to legislative issues .
- before the vote on paragraph 2 ( c ) of the annex :
regulation needs to be thought through in calmer times. neither citizens , nor we , their elected representatives , can understand the apathy that has greeted parliament 's many specific initiatives .
in voting against the report , the communist party of greece is expressing its support for the peoples and their fight , which is the only road to progress .
this report on the member states must therefore be followed up with another , more important report , assessing the practices of the european institutions in the field of human rights .
the following questions are addressed to the commission .
there is your answer. thank you , commissioner .
the epidemic is spreading in parallel with malnutrition and the food crisis. without proper nutrition , nothing can prevent the spread of aids nor cure the people carrying the disease .
lastly , i am delighted to see a proactive swedish government at the centre of the european debate. welcome !
. the commission wishes to underline that there is no current requirement on air carriers to provide to the united states api data on passengers for overflights .
your house 's draft resolution does not mince its words in naming the main problems that underlie that state of affairs .
madam president , if i may misquote john dunning , an english mp in the 18th century , the eu budget has increased , is increasing and ought to be diminished .
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
at the european council , we made significant progress on strengthening financial supervision. we reached broad agreement on the establishment of a european systemic risk board .
the vote on the mitchell report will take place tomorrow at 12 noon. the vote on the other reports will take place in june .
rapporteur . - ( nl ) i should like to start by thanking the shadow rapporteurs for their sound cooperation .
successive enlargements of the european union have been a success , for the acceding and existing member states , and for europe as a whole .
on behalf of the verts / ale group . - ( fr ) madam president , i wish to propose three measures .
i am glad about the high expectations and can promise the honourable member that we will do our utmost to live up to them .
100th anniversary of international women 's day
the plan confirms that we will continue to place key sectors such as the rule of law and agriculture at the centre of our engagement .
35. a european strategy for sustainable , competitive and secure energy ( vote )
· the scope of the export ban .
the next item is the report by mrs niebler , on behalf of the committee on legal affairs , on guaranteeing independent impact assessments .
an important matter , on which both parties still need to agree , is the military back-up to be provided for civilian implementation .
mr president , it is exactly a year since i presented to this parliament the commission 's communication on reinforcing the transatlantic relationship .
may i thank the rapporteur again for his excellent report , which provides a great deal of useful guidance on how to develop our policy in this extremely important area .
4. general reserves : this part was adopted .
question no 33 by juan colino salamanca ( h-0517 / 96 )
i trust , therefore , that the national strategies to be submitted succeed in achieving the best possible balance between competitiveness and solidarity .
president . - as they deal with the same subject , the following questions will be taken together :
we voted against this report for the following reasons :
voting will be on thursday , except for the report by mr dombrovskis , which will be put to the vote on wednesday at 12.30 p.m.
i would also ask you to deal seriously with the harmonisation of minimum standards , because here we received conflicting answers in committee .
8. hazardous substances in electrical and electronic equipment ( vote )
the commission cannot accept amendments 5 , 33 , 47 , 54 , 58 , 64 , 68 , 82 , 83 , 89 , 95 , 96 , 98 , 104 , 105 , 112 , 128 , 130 , .
i call on sue waddington , who has once again done an excellent and detailed job , to support the ppe group 's amendments .
to begin , i would like to give you three items of information .
the major challenge is , therefore , to continue to fight to ensure that equality becomes a reality and that women ’ s dignity is properly respected .
the european union , mr president , must be a match for this disaster and for the mobilisation demonstrated by our societies .
the commission is committed to pursuing these negotiations under current or future mandates .
mr president , i would like to thank the rapporteur , mr callanan , for being extremely professional and inclusive when conducting the negotiations .
2. temporary suspension of autonomous common customs tariff duties on imports of certain industrial products into madeira and the azores (
( parliament decided to refer the matter back to committee )
14. rules for participation - fp7 - euratom ( vote )
i would ask parliament to support this oral amendment .
mr rübig , could you clarify your question a little further ?
according to the scientific committee on health and environmental risks , one of the main problems related to the toxicity of dcm consists of the risk to especially vulnerable groups .
mr president , the debate on europe and the fact that it is being held in the european parliament are strangely linked by various factors. let me illustrate my point .
my question is very specific : what will you do to ensure that the european public can access the wikileaks website ?
i declare resumed the session adjourned on tuesday , 18 december 2007 .
by introducing such amendments , the report distances itself in qualitative terms from the initial proposal and therefore deserves our favourable vote .
through the measures voted on today , we will ensure greater protection for european patients , while guaranteeing them more analytical information about the undesirable effects of certain medicinal products .
mrs redondo has presented a good , balanced report on the problem of classical swine fever. i support the call for more research and development on vaccines .
decisions concerning certain documents : see minutes
i would ask mr patten and mr solana , together with the incoming swedish presidency , to take vigorous joint action against belarus ' s anti-democratic régime .
madam president , i urge all members not to adopt the amendment , and i urge iceland to protect its fish stocks ...
the vote will take place tomorrow at noon .
i hope that these forms of linguistic and technological discrimination may be promptly overcome .
mr president , i wish to say the same as mrs rothe .
question no 3 by anne mcintosh ( h-1060 / 98 )
3. nominal quantities for pre-packed products ( vote )
can the commission update parliament on the measures it has taken to date , in response to parliament 's requests ?
there are no other points of order .
the european union has been struggling to combat illegal logging , while seeking to conserve forest resources and promote their sustainable use globally .
i now give the floor to the rapporteur , mr de roo .
the commission will continue to monitor the situation. we hope that no harm will be done to this historic monument of cultural heritage belonging to the city of barcelona .
questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive written answers ( see annex ) .
statement by the council and the commission on the export of toxic waste to africa ,
i voted in favour of this report because i feel it is important that european artists can benefit from an appropriate level of integration in their professional activities .
( the sitting was closed at 23 : 40 )
obviously , there are differences , and there are differences that need to be preserved ; and that is where the rapporteur ' s experience , realism and knowledge of the field come in .
mrs scillier , i was really afraid that , by allowing mr mcmahon to exceed his time , there would be a problem. now , we are all suffering ! .
the civil service , particularly the civil services of the member states , must act as an example as regards applying community directives on equality .
today , during the part-session of the european parliament in strasbourg , we voted on the report on investor compensation schemes .
question no 20 by maj theorin ( h-0541 / 98 )
in writing . - ( de ) i voted in favour of arūnas degutis 's report on common rules for the operation of air services in the community .
an improved , modern agricultural policy , which we all desire , must not further destabilize this form of management , as this would be contrary to the european union 's new employment policy .
today , together with the broad guidelines for economic policies , other issues have been raised , particularly in relation to the euro .
what is our position on the amendments proposed by the european parliament ?
however , the european parliament cannot carry on forever reducing its external commitments. this year the flexibility instrument has been used again , but we should not continue down this road .
i wish them a happy stay in strasbourg .
the irish situation is not unique and it is clear that similar problems exist in many other eu member states .
b5-0457 / 2001 by john bowis and philippe morillon , on behalf of the ppe-de group , on the current situation in chad following the presidential elections ;
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
all of the language versions will be checked , i assure you .
ambitious but necessary reforms , such as those we are debating today , obviously require important financial resources and , to quote demosthenes , ' money is the root of everything ' .
the wording in the report is thus too far-reaching and consequently reason enough to vote against the report as a whole .
is there any objection to mr watson ' s request on behalf of his committee to postpone voting on the resolution on the echelon system until the april part-session ?
secondly , we need to draw maximum advantage from sugar 's export potential within the framework of the limit agreed with the world trade organisation .
it is obvious that we will tackle further these questions in the upcoming discussions on the health check of the common agricultural policy .
composition of parliament : see minutes
today , europe is facing a similar challenge , and we know that , just as history has been unforgiving in the past , it will not be forgiving in the present .
as mrs stenzel is not present , question no 8 ( h-0127 / 97 ) falls .
within the framework of healthy competition , the commission needs to promote new ways of protecting the public interest and public broadcasting .
question no 18 by bertel haarder ( h-0658 / 97 )
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
mr president , i voted for this resolution. however , as a result of compromises , paragraph 8 has become too ambiguous and non-committal .
this dubious outcome in plenary today is certainly nothing to write home about .
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
incidentally , it should come as no surprise that i have voted against this report .
author . - ( nl ) mr president , just like sudan , which we were discussing earlier this afternoon , burundi is an ethnically divided land , with long-standing disharmony between the various population groups .
i have received two motions for resolution tabled in accordance with rule 110 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
this is why we think it reasonable to remove these reports from the agenda now , so that they can be re-examined later , within a wider political framework .
draftsman of the opinion of the committee on legal affairs . - ( de ) mr president , commissioner , rapporteur , thank you for the good cooperation and your report .
do you mean after the oral question on the storms ? i do not think that would be a problem .
the following amendments to the agenda have been proposed :
. the security of our citizens is of paramount importance to every one of us .
b5-0432 / 2001 by nelly maes and others , on behalf of the verts / ale group , on angola ;
i thank the president-in-office for her answer. it was perhaps more than i expected and i am very grateful .
thirdly and lastly , food safety must never be used as a pretext for protectionism and new barriers to trade. this is at complete odds with innovation and development .
( it ) mr president , i would like to say that i am willing to accept mr cornillet 's proposal .
( statement of vote abbreviated in accordance with rule 137 ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure )
the next item is the continuation of the joint debate on the progress of the 12 candidate countries in 2000 .
reference was made to amendment 67 on relaxation of the rule for affiliations to social security systems. unfortunately , this cannot be accepted .
mr president , i would simply like to make a point of order pursuant to rules 4 and 125 .
our demand should be accepted by the european aviation safety agency , as should the measures which it has recommended or proposes to take .
that concludes questions to the commission .
there is one conclusion to be drawn from all these affairs , and that is that we must work to achieve a europe that is better controlled by its nation-states .
mr president , i would just like to ask the commission very quickly if it will seek to establish where infringements of these labelling requirements take place .
on 19 september 1994 , the commissioner mr paleokrassas wrote to me asserting that in the commission 's opinion the health and environmental hazards posed by depleted uranium were minimal .
. – mr potočnik , we greens are pleased with the new impetus you wish to provide for research and we support this substantial promotion of european research .
( text abbreviated in accordance with rule 137 ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure )
we regret that we do not feel able to vote in favour of accession at this time .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i have two observations to make regarding the disturbing problem which is the subject of this resolution , namely parental abduction .
mr president , once again parliament has been excluded from the decisions and the future of europe , and this is unfair and undemocratic .
subject : pharmaceutical treatment - cross-border healthcare
– oral question ( b6-0134 / 2004 ) by christa prets , on behalf of the pse group , on the development of football in the eu ;
( b5-0849 / 2000 ) by rod and maes , on behalf of the verts / ale group ;
thank you very much for your cooperation , mr lamy .
( b5-0284 / 1999 ) by ms díez gonzález , mr barón crespo , on behalf of the pse group , on the sentencing to death in the us of joaquín josé martínez , a european citizen ;
building on the progress made so far , romania needs to continue its efforts and show further results in the fight against corruption .
mr president , in recital b we propose to insert the words ‘ and anti-gypsyism ’ after the word ‘ homophobia ’ .
question no 44 by eija-riitta anneli korhola ( h-0474 / 03 ) :
( the sitting was suspended at 12.40 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
( the president cut off the speaker )
mr president , this was the first time i had taken part in one of these delegations. i found it fascinating , but also frustrating .
so we need a broad information and awareness-raising campaign in every direction and to motivate working women themselves , because they too must take their share of the responsibility .
i would like to organise my replies according to whether they are considerations for the immediate future or those for the hopefully near , but rather more remote , future .
a credible application of the centralised procedure for marketing medicinal products cannot work without this sort of approach .
this is a bad start to an attempt to establish the culture of compliance to which the commission so often refers. the timing of this is also highly questionable .
unwanted conflict with similar organs , such as the european council high commission for human rights , should also be avoided .
my warm congratulations to the rapporteur .
fourthly , governor ryan of illinois , as we have heard already , has imposed a moratorium on the death sentence in his state because of its appalling record of wrongful convictions .
( parliament rejected the motion for a resolution ) joint motion for a resolution on the statement of the european commission on foot-and-mouth disease in the european union
i call upon all member states to stop talking big and , instead , to follow suit .
mr president , i welcome the proposals to provide legal rights for passengers as well as the increase in denied boarding compensation and the right to reimbursement for delayed flights .
hence the concern to improve coordination between national energy sector regulators .
the minutes of the sitting on thursday , 21 september have been distributed .
i reject the idea of a labelling requirement as insufficient and too costly .
following the vote on the amended proposal :
on reaching the chamber , you may have been surprised to see that there is a large white band encircling the chamber .
i voted in favour of the report by mrs roth-behrendt on the proposal for a regulation of the european parliament and of the council on cosmetic products .
i hope that the honourable members are also aware of the likely budgetary constraints in 1997 , especially in the fisheries sector .
it is important to remember that those countries are a long way from achieving the real thing - genuine convergence .
the european union has been closely involved in this process , with absolute respect for the role of the united nations in determining the future status of kosovo .
– mr president , the western balkans have always been the testing ground for trying out the efficacy of the european union 's external action .
member of the commission . - madam president , we have heard today a clear message that we have a very serious challenge - that of the ageing of society .
i also used to wonder about an advert for iran ; at a time when public stonings took place there , we used to allow adverts for that seraphic country .
b5-0081 / 2000 by mr sakellariou and mr van den berg on behalf of the group of the party of european socialists ,
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
madam president , european citizenship was one of the great achievements of the union treaty adopted in nice in 1992 .
27. quota system in relation to the production of potato starch ( vote )
secondly , the president-designate , as the rules also state , is obliged to present the commission to parliament , and the council will then be notified if it is approved .
thirdly , the commission document does not contain a specific timeframe or verifiable goals. without these , this strategy cannot be implemented .
protection of the environment through criminal law ( debate )
section vii , committee of the regions
the situation has reached dramatic proportions. israel cannot continue to violate the geneva international conventions and collective punishment is wrong .
this recognition is limited to transit through the territory of these three member states for a period of up to five days .
thank you very much , mrs gradin .
the next item is the vote .
( de ) mr president , we must vote on amendment 339. this once again concerns the technical adaptation ' delegated act ' .
concern over this was also expressed from northern circles because the bureau is active with regard to the language aspects of the good friday agreement .
this is a curious concept of cooperation , and also of morality and public health , given that the aid will be distributed to the associations without the slightest transparency !
together for health : a strategic approach for the eu 2008-2013 ( debate )
i declare the session of the european parliament adjourned .
mr president , allow me first of all to thank mr lamfalussy and mr de silguy for their reports .
fighting cancer has been one of the commission ’ s major public health priorities. each year cancer is diagnosed in about 1.6 million europeans and kills around 950 000 people .
china is promising the world the best olympic games ever seen. the price for this should not be censorship or contempt for the rule of law .
thank you , commissioner. the joint debate on these two reports is closed .
we shall now proceed to the vote .
the european ombudsman has its good and bad points as an institution. the same applies to mr söderman 's report .
see also my explanation of vote on the accession treaties .
11. preparation of 2012 budget (
the european union will eliminate customs duties on 86 % of the total volume of exports of industrial products from south africa to the european union .
( de ) mr president , i actually expected a different sort of comment. i expected the commission to say that it is not able to agree on all of the points .
( the sitting was suspended at 7.15 p.m. and resumed at 9.00 p.m. ) .
mr president , as chairman of the delegation for relations with japan , i would like to point out that an important delegation from the japanese diet is present .
i declare the session of the european parliament adjourned .
b5-0271 / 2001 by mrs frassoni and mr cohn-bendit , on behalf of the verts / ale group ;
finally , i would like to thank the members who contributed actively to the preparation of a resolution acceptable to the majority of the committee .
i would like to say once again to mr posselt that europe not only has judaeo-christian roots but also muslim and secular roots .
– the next item is question time ( b5-0414 / 2003 ) . we will take questions to the commission .
if approved , the motion would require the commission to resign as a body , pursuant to article 144 , second paragraph , of the ec treaty .
the vote will be taken tomorrow at 11a.m.
international financial crisis and political developments in russia ( continuation )
( fr ) i shall say it in french. we are in france. where is the french presidency ? where is mr sarkozy ? where is your representation in this debate ?
thank you for a comprehensive and , in the concluding part , an appropriately political summary of what lies ahead .
mr president , i shall be referring to the report on the agreement between the european union and guinea bissau for the period june 1997 to june 2000 .
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
changes at work , like more working women and more flexible hours , mean children are increasingly left alone with the small screen. there are various solutions , but none is satisfactory .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11.30 a.m.
. this report updates turkey ’ s development as regards its eventual accession to the eu , in common with the report by mr oostlander adopted on 1 april .
i thank mrs angelilli for a very important and well prepared report .
we understand that the issue of minimum wages is important in many eu member states .
mr president , it is clear on reading the seville conclusions on the reform of the council that parliament 's recommendations have only been followed partially .
so in conclusion , mr president , and on behalf of the liberal group , i welcome this report which we will vote on tomorrow .
it could not have been put any better .
( ro ) mr president , competition policy plays a key role in guaranteeing the european economy 's competitiveness , with the control of state aid being an integral part of this .
the motion for a resolution before us , however , reveals much about the double standards prevailing in the eu .
i welcome the participation of members of the european parliament at mop3 , and am interested to hear your priorities and expectations for this meeting .
finally , the next few years will prove crucial to the commission. there must be a positive statement of assurance at some point .
as the commissioner mentioned , we have a revised framework. in our view , however , there are still major shortcomings which undermine people 's confidence. i will mention some of them .
turkey ' s accession to the european union is an issue that has become even more topical .
the recent kidnappings were brought to a swift conclusion without loss of life with effective assistance from the government .
cross-border cooperation to combat terrorism and cross-border crime ( debate )
in writing . - ( pl ) madam president , the budget for 2009 must take into account the special circumstances affecting next year .
to this end , i welcome the broad guidelines for reform proposed in this report , along with the amendments to improve upon the commission ’ s proposals for reform , as follows :
in conformity with what we have previously stated , we do not think that the eu should develop a common refugee and immigration policy .
in writing . - ( sv ) unfortunately , once again the eu is using a humanitarian disaster to advance its position in the field of foreign policy .
to close the debate , i have received one proposal for a resolution , pursuant to article 42 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure .
question no 21 by wayne david ( h-0229 / 96 )
oh , just a minute ! sit down !
( the sitting was suspended at 1.05 p.m. and resumed at 3.00 p.m. )
we assume that the customs 2000 programme concerns agreement at community level on criteria for the minimum extent of controls to be introduced .
as rapporteur , mrs theorin would like to ask a further question .
in response to each of your speeches , which i thank you for , i would simply like to mention three issues .
the auditor says that this section should be eliminated. we would like to know what it has been used for , and why .
mr paleckis , i felt it was important to get your comments on belarus on the record , given the ongoing election .
hence our vote against the joint motion for a resolution by the other political groups , which we do not agree with .
proposal for a regulation on a community patent
however , if russia is to be a member of the wto it must respect wto regulations , in particular counterfeiting and piracy of goods must be stamped out .
oral questions and written declarations ( submission ) : see minutes
if i have understood correctly , mrs andré-léonard wishes to table an oral amendment .
to sum up : we think that this is an important step in the right direction .
( the sitting was suspended at 11.20 a.m. and resumed at 11.30 a.m. )
before the vote on light weapons :
these are the questions to which answers are needed , commissioner .
if there are no further comments on the minutes , i declare the minutes approved .
if the european union does not look after this border , i can assure you that we will have a real invasion , which is going to change all the parameters .
therefore , we must ensure that conditions are equal across the community and also along the entire chain of custody .
the vote will take place tomorrow at noon .
i would like once again to congratulate mr doorn .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11.30 a.m.
3. expulsions of ngos from darfur
the next item is the statements by the council and the commission on events to mark the international day for the elimination of poverty .
verification of credentials : see minutes
the vote will take place during the next sitting in september 2008 .
colleague , you are talking in the place of other members. there is a long list of colleagues who are waiting to speak .
the union will make it easier for police , justice and intelligence services of the member states to exchange information on the basis of the principle of availability of information .
amendment 24 : on line 15 05 55 , commitment appropriations only , reserve and remarks as in amendment 938 ;
i hope that this presidency will serve as an example to the others that follow it. for now though , i offer it my most sincere congratulations .
( ro ) the timing of today 's debate on the cohesion policy after 2013 is just right if we also consider that the open days are taking place in brussels .
- before the vote on paragraphs 6 and 12
the next item is voting time .
madam president , commissioner , in the light of mr hatzidakis ’ s proposals , i would like , if i may be so bold , to use a well-known phrase that you may remember : ‘ fear not ’ .
( pt ) i should first like to thank mr arif for the comprehensive report that he brought before us today , which will make a significant contribution to this debate .
in writing . - ( it ) committee on legal affairs .
madam president , president-in-office of the council , commissioner , i have three comments to make .
mr president , i congratulate both rapporteurs , and i agree on the importance of the lisbon treaty assessments whilst evaluating the cfsp report .
satellite equipment is being distributed across the region to croatia , bosnia-herzegovina and macedonia .
mr gutiérrez díaz has the floor .
however , i will express certain reservations and make a few comments on different points that do not in any way detract from the author 's initial aim .
mr van dam has the floor to present this request .
the vote will take place today at 6.30 p.m.
we will be going to laeken en masse to protest against the european union ' s policy. will you look after us as well as you did in genoa ?
this is why i cannot vote for a text which , far from achieving its objectives , runs counter to them .
effects of the xynthia storm in europe ( debate )
i declare the session of the european parliament adjourned .
. mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i am grateful to mrs trüpel for the outstanding cooperation , which smoothed the path towards agreement at first reading .
i do not think that the commission wishes to respond .
as i said yesterday , our main challenge for the coming year will be enlargement once more. so it is naturally our top priority for 2003 .
( pl ) mr president , i wish to draw your attention to two specific forms of voluntary activity .
moreover , the introduction of an independent authority is going to make it possible to resolve any conflicts between the partners objectively .
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports , on behalf of the committee on citizens ' freedoms and rights , justice and home affairs :
the recommendation by mr gonzález triviño ( a4-0172 / 97 )
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
this report is only the beginning : we will continue to work in the coming months to ensure that european standardisation meets the economic and social needs of europe .
even though this might be only the tip of the iceberg of the unemployment problem in lithuania , the financial support will help those most in need .
that brings the debate to a close .
while the commission understands the principle of amendment 35 , it cannot accept it since it would be contentious and difficult to implement in practice .
( for results and other details of the votes : see minutes )
the vote will be taken at midday .
13. participation of undertakings , research centres and universities in indirect actions under the framework programme of the european atomic energy community (
mrs ahern , i will say the same to you that i said to mr fitzsimons : this is not a point of order .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
the vote will take place at 6.30 p.m.
( the sitting was suspended at 12.35 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
you have the floor , mr mcmahon .
can the council indicate how it is proceeding with its resumed consideration of the proposal to revise the 1999 comitology decision ?
( it ) ' to create we need common sense , patience , faith , and also a grain of folly . '
the next item is the debate on :
- before the vote on the draft legislative resolution :
we can do something different , but for that we need the will and it needs to be done quickly .
thirdly , the idea that the world 's public assets , such as water , must be considered to be the common heritage of humanity has not been accepted .
court of auditors ' annual report for 1999
i now invite the commissioner , mrs wulf-mathies , to speak so that we are then in a better position to vote .
( applause from the centre and the right )
those are my three points today. i welcome the proposal and presentation , and wish us all good luck .
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on thursday , 6 june 1996 .
does the commission plan to advertise the post of director of olaf ?
i welcome the initiative taken by the rapporteur in proposing a european-level debate on the role of schools and school education in maximising public access to culture .
. mr president , honourable members , i would like to thank you for your comments and questions which i will pass on to my colleague , commissioner mccreevy .
increasing investment will not solve the problem as most investment is in technological equipment which cuts rather than creates jobs .
the second is to apply all of the scientific and technological advances that have been achieved to the fight against terrorism , with due respect for individuals ' fundamental rights .
this issue is about implementation or delegated acts. is it implementation , or is it a delegated act - in which case it is legislation ?
thank you , mr barón crespo. i have taken note of your proposal .
before the vote on amendment no 929
i therefore declare the debate closed .
. – as i said in the vote at first reading , i welcome the commission proposal and the rapporteur ’ s excellent work .
the directive also provides that women must receive the whole of their salary during their leave : a significant signal in the current crisis situation .
the priority given by spain to enlargement is not accompanied by the necessary commitments to guarantee the legitimate objectives of the objective 1 territories .
therefore , i look forward to president pöttering 's proposal in february on how this house , the european parliament , can itself reduce its carbon footprint .
this and this alone is the reason why i have voted against this motion for a resolution .
( the president declared the common position approved )
why is the european union opting to deduct eur 2 billion from the agriculture margin , when thousands of farmers are facing ever greater difficulties ?
innovation union will also champion the best examples of public sector innovation , and the private and public sectors can learn from each other 's best practice .
as i said , the rapporteur has presented a very good proposal , and for that i thank him .
in particular , we must support measures for their education and care in old age .
. i will be voting for this report on reducing the climate change impact of aviation. aviation is one of the most rapidly growing sources of greenhouse gases .
– the debate is closed .
the delegation has been attending the sixth meeting of the eu-russia parliamentary cooperation committee in strasbourg .
similar mechanisms for adjusting pay according to the location of the workplace already exist for european officials , and are considered fair .
this is why i say to you , commissioner , and to the commission , show a bit more political courage , because so far there has been absolutely none !
accordingly , i voted in favour of the savary report .
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
in concrete terms , we want a number of priorities developed at barcelona , some of which are reflected in the commission 's synthesis report adopted this week .
with regard to croatia , negotiations have been opened in 20 chapters , and have been provisionally closed in two of them .
the textile and clothing industry is constantly restructuring .
yes , let us applaud the czech senate all the way from strasbourg to prague. we are very pleased with this outcome .
this report as voted is a bitter disappointment , as is the commission 's original ill-prepared proposal .
then we can only congratulate the rapporteur .
consumers , too , are beneficiaries indirectly , as the best minds can be brought to bear to create greater trust in the answers to our joint concerns .
as the time allotted to questions to commissioner verheugen has elapsed , questions nos 38 , 39 and 40 will be replied to in writing .
ending street homelessness ( written declaration ) : see minutes
thank you. we shall look into this very carefully .
let us hope that you can be given a written answer when the minutes have been checked .
if , in order to achieve peace , we need to know how to make war , then this must only ever come as an extreme and last resort .
at the same time , there was an incredible response in the city of cologne to the same issues , to the issues of racism and discrimination .
madam president , i would like to give two examples to illustrate that the report is , in my view , unrepresentative and far too general .
nevertheless , however positive our verdict may be , it does not mean that all of the hopes that we placed in the single currency ten years ago have been realised .
a teacher marking such a piece of work would write " does not answer the question " .
i want to conclude on the positive note with which i started , by welcoming the fact that the euromed parliamentary forum is going to take place .
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
another important point that your resolution demands is that belarus should apply a moratorium on the death penalty. the european union has carried this message to the belarusian authorities .
i am very grateful to the honourable member for his question and the way in which he phrases it .
mr turmes has the floor to explain this proposal .
on a final note , i hope that this debate will give us some answers , at least to these two questions .
. yet again , the european parliament has been asked to apply urgent procedure , concerning the question of fighting international terrorism .
therefore , ladies and gentlemen , the commission accepts amendments nos 13 and 18 .
madam president , i really cannot resist it. thank you for the invitation to speak and also for recognizing me as pauline green .
before giving the commission the floor once again , our rapporteur has asked to speak , pursuant to rule 121 ( 4 ) of the rules of procedure. i am happy to comply .
and i am , by god ! i was right in spades , was i not ?
i think , therefore , that the commission should respond to these questions as quickly , objectively and fully as possible .
mr president , i listened to you very carefully , mr schüssel , and i wish you every success as this new year begins .
thank you very much , commissioner. i would also like to thank all the speakers .
( the president declared the common position approved as amended )
thank you for your attention and please vote in favour of discharge. you will see no complacency from the commission .
personally , i am afraid that provision will be made for a little tourist train just to , perhaps , keep the ecologists happy , and that will be all .
the vote will be taken tomorrow at 12 noon .
in order to implement them , it is not necessary to create new institutions. it will be sufficient to improve and increase the efficiency of the institutions we already have .
there have been no new developments , mr schulz. the supreme court has still not sent us a request through the official channels , namely , via the appropriate spanish governmental authority .
i also welcome the fact that the amendments relating to the objectives of the programme have been approved , as has the compromise proposal for a new programme .
we shall now proceed to the vote .
8. safeguards by member states within the meaning of the second paragraph of article 48 of the treaty ( codified version ) (
examine the possibility of creating an agricultural disaster fund ;
first , i note that the results of the cohesion policies in terms of regional development are positive overall .
and on third-country issues , i think mandatory country-of-origin labelling is absolutely essential .
in conclusion , i wish the music of mozart not just for the elite , but for all .
however , this will apparently not allow these citizens to enter germany , france , spain and portugal , as visa rules have not yet been harmonized at european level .
i would now like to give the floor to commissioner dalli .
6. submission of nominal catch statistics by member states fishing in the north-east atlantic ( codified version ) ( vote )
i will finish with some words to my french colleagues .
freedom of establishment in the transport sector
the direct damage suffered by portugal amounts to almost eur 946.489 million , a sum well over 0.6 % of gni ( in other words , more than eur 718.12 million ) .
i regret the fact that the drafting of this text has been so difficult and complex , despite the fact that we all share its central objective .
it is for these reasons that the parliamentary group of the communist party of greece voted against the relevant texts .
i commend this report to the house .
b5-0569 / 2000 by mrs pack and mr posselt , on behalf of the group of the european people 's party ( christian democrats ) and the european democrats ;
mr president , i suppose we will have to pay commissioners overtime so that they can stay .
we are not at all well disposed towards some of the amendments by the european parliament ’ s committee on culture and education .
( explanation of vote cut short pursuant to rule 137 ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure )
but let us get things clear. only a socialist from yorkshire could accept that two plus two is five .
forwarding of texts adopted during the sitting : see minutes
likewise , mr kindermann , with his stress on conservation and reducing the herring by-catches. this is extremely important , and i hope we will learn a lot from these reports .
motion for a resolution ( b5-0204 / 1999 ) by mrs palacio vallelersundi , on behalf of the committee on legal affairs and the internal market , on the strategy for europe ' s single market
it is time to stop the eu thinking in terms of central planning and becoming an ' eussr ' . let us move to a free market-based economy .
quite , mr barón crespo. we will make that change to the minutes .
as greens , we are happy with this european safety net , which will reduce dumping possibilities for certain governments , and we have improved monitoring and access of documents for citizens .
4. the situation concerning the president of the world bank ( vote )
... onesta , pacheco pereira , podestà , provan , puerta , gerhard schmid , vidal-quadras roca .
stereotypes and discrimination persist , biased recruitment and promotion systems are rampant , labour market and educational segregation hinder women in achieving their full potential .
thank you , mrs frassoni , i am sure you have a good point , but you were late for assembly , so see the headmaster , please !
the current crisis is also an opportunity for far-reaching reform of the european monetary and financial architecture. this opportunity must not just be frittered away .
as a teacher , i would like to remind that positive results in education cannot be obtained by fear , constraint and physical punishment .
opinion of an mep from the south of europe : " nevertheless , this is a question of competitivity and equality of conditions " .
although the situation is frankly quite difficult , the commission has not given up hope of reaching a mutually acceptable solution .
question no 49 by tommy waidelich ( h-0968 / 97 )
( the sitting was suspended at 20.30 and resumed at 21.00 )
subject : slaughter of sheep in france for the eid-el-kabir festival
i am favour of our strengthening food safety long-term in these countries. this means that we must stop dumping exports on these markets .
agenda of the next sitting : see minutes
first , concerning section i , in amendment 1094 , only the budget line 20 26 will be voted on .
how will the netherlands presidency ensure that the eu accords the same status to employment policy as it does to monetary policy ?
what steps does the council intend to take to support new nuclear disarmament measures ?
therefore i strongly call on the commission and council to seriously reconsider their decision to continue with business as usual .
madam president , my group feels that it is absolutely vital that the amended cites regulation before us should come into force as soon as possible .
if you communicate very specific information to us , the presidency will be very happy to set in motion the relevant mechanisms provided for in our rules of procedure .
( the president cut the speaker off )
that will be corrected , mrs haug .
the next item is the debate on six motions for resolutions on guinea .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 10.30 a.m.
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
15. improving the efficiency of the enforcement of judgments in the eu : attachment of bank accounts ( vote )
member of the commission . - mr president , a number of key elements have been included in the overall compromise package that is now proposed .
question no 21 has been withdrawn. as the authors are not present , question nos 22 and 23 lapse .
( it ) mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the current economic and financial crisis has revealed serious shortcomings in the regulatory and supervisory framework of the global financial system .
mr president , it is a great pleasure to speak after mr spencer , after such a moderate and reasoned presentation .
. mr president , members of the european parliament , ladies and gentlemen ,
four points must be dealt with as soon as possible ; none should present a serious political problem .
– the debate is closed .
the commission can accept amendments 7 , 8 and 10 .
oral questions and written declarations ( submission ) : see minutes
( fr ) mr president , commissioner , between 2007 and 2013 regional policy will become the main heading in the european union 's budget with eur 347 billion allocated to the structural funds .
this is extremely serious , mrs flesch. we shall devote our full attention to resolving the matter .
consequently , at the forthcoming negotiation stage , all our attention must be focused on the process , in order to monitor the development of the definitions and the content thereof .
it is high time the macedonian government put such manifestation of hatred against bulgarians under restraint because such manifestations of hatred do not belong in the european union .
for all these reasons , i abstained from voting .
thus , the rio internet governance forum meeting again provided an excellent framework for enriching exchanges , which allowed a range of views on relevant issues to be gathered .
b5-0643 / 2001 by mr swoboda and mr wiersma , on behalf of the pse group ;
as they deal with the same subject , question nos 18 and 19 will be taken together : question no 18 by raimon obiols i germà ( h-0560 / 02 ) :
i could easily go on with this list of abuses , and only my lack of speaking time prevents me from doing so !
i would be interested to know whether the commission is attempting to monitor the sanctions situation .
would you agree that unless the khodorkovsky and lebedev case finds a just and transparent solution , the eu cannot expect russia to meet its economic commitments either ?
member states are permitted to publish the information at regional level , too , if they consider this appropriate. different databases must be linked .
i should like to add one note of caution. i believe that it is the institutions ’ duty to manage public money – taxpayers ’ money – carefully and sensibly .
mr president , i wish to begin by congratulating mr bini smaghi on his nomination. i look forward to working with him .
however , only a few of the small multinational groups controlling most of the manufacture and european trade in confectionery would benefit us .
( the speaker was cut off by the president , who drew his attention to a problem with the interpretation )
there is a third point of order , and i hope it will be the last. mr galeote quecedo , you have the floor .
member states ' ability to find different ways forward with regard to this issue is also important in order to broaden our experience and knowledge in this field .
the next item is questions to the commission ( b4-0272 / 98 ) .
prague is the capital city which has set an example , with its purchase last year of green buses for its urban public transport system , using state aid .
breaching the fundamental principles of data protection law for a large number of citizens and subjects of the european union ( up to 90 million data items per month ) ,
that was before the last european elections. in other words , we have a new parliament installed by a new electorate. but despite that , the directive goes on .
thank you very much , mr haarder .
secondly , victims should have access to class actions in order to assert their rights. we have been waiting for these actions for over 20 years .
i should be grateful if this could be rectified .
i hope that the commission will be able to take into account at least some of the main amendments , which i have just pointed out .
the vote will take place tomorrow , thursday , 11 november 2010 , at 12 : 00 .
madam president , within the committee on agriculture , following an exchange of opinions among all interested members , we have arrived at the following conclusions .
however , we do not want to give any form of recognition to the so-called government in the occupied territories of cyprus .
for clarity , as the rapporteur rightly says , we will vote on the reworded version of amendment no 4 .
- before the vote on paragraph 6 :
one-minute speeches on matters of political importance
i have one question though for the slovenian presidency : could you tell me what are the implications of the irish vote for croatia 's accession to the european union ?
- before the vote on paragraph 8 :
i have already thanked mr collins in his absence for his kind words earlier and i appreciate his introductory remarks .
madam president , i would like to thank the belgian presidency and commissioner vitorino for their introduction and to make two points of a political nature .
i put the request from the group of the european radical alliance to a vote .
motion for a resolution ( b5-0771 / 2001 ) by mr nobilia , on behalf of the uen group , on the wto meeting in qatar
( for results and other details of the vote : see minutes )
however we do want to stress that , in principle , measures and decisions with respect to healthcare are within the competence of the individual member states .
- before the vote on paragraph 6 :
we shall now proceed to the vote on the topical and urgent debate .
deliberate release of gmos into the environment
excellent. does anyone wish to speak against the proposal ?
because of the extraordinary 60 years of practically uninterrupted peace on our continent ;
a number of amendments concern articles of directive 2001 / 18 / ec other than the proposed new article 26b .
the member states have unanimously reaffirmed their full agreement with these objectives and that they want to move unequivocally towards legally binding commitments at the cancún conference in mexico .
i should like to take this opportunity to call on the community to firmly oppose this construction project .
in view of the foregoing , i voted against the second part of amendment 83 .
in writing . - ( ro ) i would like to emphasize certain aspects related to the article reaffirming the importance of the principle of solidarity in this report .
the next item is the submission by the council of the draft budget for the financial year 2001 .
i have also noted your critical remarks towards the commission about the need to improve its performance in terms of budget implementation .
national , regional and local public authorities should bear the needs of tourism in mind during the process of adapting to the euro , particularly as regards taxation .
that concludes the explanations of vote .
we cannot get into a debate. amendment 1 is therefore withdrawn from the vote .
thank you , but it is not my rule , it is the rule of the bureau .
the agendas for the current part-session and the following part-session at brussels are thus adopted and we can now , therefore , begin to discuss the procedural motions .
although this british debate is very diverting , mr helmer , we do have an extremely important commission communication on economic and social cohesion .
i therefore voted in favour of the grossetête report .
underlines that the structure and working methods of the european external action service ( eeas ) should aim at ensuring the coherence and consistency of eu action in crisis situations ;
strengthen and build on transnational , cross-border and inter-regional cooperation ;
the next item is the joint debate on :
the vote will take place tomorrow at 9.00 a.m.
may i remind speakers that they must not speak for longer than one minute .
the next item is the statements from the council and the commission on the situation in zimbabwe .
amendment no 4 is of particular importance : it enables parliament to interact with national authorities in procedures which might lead to the disqualification of a member from holding office .
this is what citizens need , to believe in fair policy-making and decision-making in brussels .
common organization of the market in bananas
11. situation in western sahara (
that concludes questions to the commission .
motor vehicle emissions - quality of petrol and diesel fuels
these proposals deserve the serious attention of the member states and the other community institutions .
mr president , i fully support the idea behind this directive but there are certain tests to which we should submit the proposal and our amendments .
1. amendment of council regulation ( ec ) no 1085 / 2006 of 17 july 2006 establishing an instrument for pre-accession assistance ( ipa ) (
mr president , as i think that you all already know , the negotiations to renew the fisheries agreement with morocco came to an end without that renewal having taken place .
( it ) the next item is the debate on
subject : turkish incursion into iraq what view does the council take of the new large-scale incursion into iraq by a heavily armed section of the turkish army ?
the european union has important comparative advantages in africa and must put the important decisions it took at the council of ministers on 24 may 2005 into practice .
i have received a motion for a resolution in accordance with rule 103 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
the banking supervision committee also provides the forum for the exchange of relevant information between the euro system and the supervisory authorities .
madam president , i would like to begin by congratulating mr özdemir on his excellent report on the eu strategy for central asia .
i hope you will succeed in proving this , in boosting growth and jobs - not for some , but for all. otherwise , we will witness the rise of real anti-europeanism .
( the sitting was closed at 11.25 p.m. )
fails to denounce the fact that the detention and illegal transport of citizens have not been questioned by the new us administration ; and
i give the floor to mr verheugen to answer these four questions .
the next item on the agenda is the joint debate on :
i give the floor to mr verheugen to answer mr malone 's question .
our own-initiative report is an alarm bell and a warning to member states. unfortunately , exaggerated declarations and claims were passed in committee. i had therefore tabled an alternative resolution .
we have to name , shame and fame. that leads to action. when people have been woken up they will demand action from the politicians in their various member states .
i now give the floor to mr lagendijk .
the vote will be taken at 5.30 p.m.
our objective is both a simple and a clear one : to give a european dimension to consumer protection by removing all risk of isolation of potential victims .
the minutes of the previous sitting have been distributed .
mr president , the european council is expected to approve that no eu member state should remain an energy island after 2015 .
the first result of our efforts is that parliament can now state the direction in which it intends to steer the future common fisheries policy .
composition of committees and delegations : see minutes
lastly , i wish to pay tribute to the rapporteurs , mr méndez de vigo and mr corbett .
it is also proposed that the same paragraph should end with ' the parties ' economic and trade relations ' .
the presidency had three objectives for the brussels summit :
first of all we assured coordination and monitoring of the palestinian elections which reached their final stage a few days after we took over the presidency .
mr giansily , if it is art it is not pornography and if it is pornography it is not art !
( explanation of vote cut short pursuant to rule 137 ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure )
the next item is the report by stéphane le foll , on behalf of the committee on agriculture and rural development , on eu agriculture and climate change ( sec ( 2009 ) 0417 - .
motion for a resolution ( b5-0653 / 2000 ) , by mr chichester , on behalf of the ppe-de group , on the creation of a monitoring centre for industrial change
the vote will take place in two weeks ' time , at the next part-session in brussels .
2. approval of the nomination of mr algirdas šemeta as member of the european commission (
. conservative meps broadly welcome the proposals to put in place legislation under which those responsible for unlawful oil or chemical discharges from ships can be prosecuted .
to put an end to this inflexibility , we tabled the so-called strategic amendments. in my opinion , these can now be withdrawn following last week 's agreement .
mr president , i voted in favour of this report for its moderate approach to the most pressing issues in the common foreign and security policy .
coherence of eu policies with development
i have received 8 motions for resolution , in accordance with rule 37 ( 2 ) , to close the present commission statement .
thank you very much , mr commissioner .
fourthly , another point in the gasòliba report which deserves mention is its strong support for maintaining the european social model , as set out in paragraph 25 .
i should like to make a brief statement concerning the proposed modifications , so that we all understand their importance with regard to achieving the objectives we have set out :
my colleagues , commissioners hübner and špidla , will elaborate further in their committee on budgetary control hearings next month .
here we are faced with the joint draft text adopted by the conciliation committee on updating the television without frontiers directive .
( the sitting was suspended at 1.55 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
i fully support this position. we expect to see it included in the commissioner 's legislative proposals .
( fr ) mr president , first of all , i would like to report an alarming fact and propose what might be a remedy for it .
that is why the meps of the communist party of greece voted against the texts in question .
indirectly , such restrictions could also affect the free movement of workers , but this issue was not raised .
subject : ticket allocation system for the 1998 football world cup
11. ecodesign requirements for energy-related products (
we feel that the application of administrative procedures between the member states should be improved in order to facilitate and develop intra-community trade in products subject to excise duties .
i shall immediately give the floor to the commission president , mr romano prodi .
thirdly , because we are calling for what remains of the third pillar , notably police and court cooperation on criminal matters , to become a community issue .
the next item is the debate on topical and urgent subjects of major importance .
subject : use of appropriations for energy programmes
the draft directive also has a provision on the european anti-trafficking coordinator who , in the future , could contribute to a more comprehensive , more coherent and more coordinated anti-trafficking policy .
this is a union of values , of solidarity between nations and people ...
the fact that the leader of the european commission happens to be a compatriot of mine makes me proud to vote this way .
written declarations included in the register ( rule 116 ) : see minutes
thank you very much , mr commissioner .
i have received a motion for a resolution ( 1 ) , pursuant to rule 103 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
i have received five motions for resolutions ( 1 ) tabled in accordance with rule 37 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
( the president cut off the speaker )
i regard the following elements as being particularly positive :
as the author is not present , question no 34 lapses .
( the president cut off the speaker )
the next item is the statement by the council on the situation in the middle east .
mr van den bos , on behalf of the eldr group , on the inter-communal violence in the state of gujarat ( india ) ( b5-0298 / 2002 ) ;
the vague use of the term ' radicalisation ' as an indicator for ' non-democratic actions ' ;
' twenty years on , we uphold nelson mandela 's message that : " it 's in our hands ” . '
so i would say that the risks here are minimal. commitment is the starting point and i look on this process as a very positive one .
however , only a joint action can reach the level required and we will therefore step up still further our efforts to coordinate with all those involved .
( ro ) prime minister , i would like to congratulate you on addressing us today as president of the council .
mrs pack , i understand that you wish to make a request concerning the agenda for thursday .
given the current state of affairs , we should consider penalties including a reduction in member states ' quotas whenever the objectives set are not met and this is obviously deliberate .
thank you , again , to our interpreters and technicians today .
thirdly , a major element of these guarantees must be to ensure that small and medium-sized enterprises and firms from less developed countries have equal access to the system .
green paper on employment law in order to abolish every legal right won by the working-class movement through its struggles .
the vote will take place on wednesday at 12 noon .
european council in luxembourg - six months of the luxembourg presidency ( continuation )
( fr ) madam president , i think it is high time we consider the issue of europe 's relations with china and even define a new strategy. i have three suggestions .
subject : food security in an unequal partnership
the current stalemate of the union for the mediterranean .
in writing . - i strongly support smoking bans in public places to protect public health and to avert the dangers of passive smoking .
since , the ‘ eurodac ’ and ‘ dublin ii ’ regulations are not part of the development of the schengen , denmark cannot resort to an opt-in to participate in those regulations .
we prefer a different approach , under which economic aspects must always come second to the satisfaction of human and environmental needs .
mr president , i should like to thank the house for the debate. we have the opportunity to exchange views on different occasions , and this is a very important issue .
you are absolutely right , mr karas. that is why i do not want to have a debate this morning. it is all just rumour and scaremongering .
you got quite a lot into three minutes there !
i hope the austrian presidency will do as well. it has not started well on the institutional front , with chancellor schüssel ’ s quite ill-informed attack on the court of justice .
no one can doubt the positive contribution of fair trade initiatives and programmes to the sustainable economic and social development of developing countries .
( the sitting was closed at 8.30 p.m. )
the next item is the statement by the commission on measures to tackle the spread of infectious anaemia in salmon .
thank you very much , mr monti , and your spanish is really good too .
this proposal aims to protect these ecosystems in the high seas , particularly in areas not regulated by a regional fisheries management organisation .
third aspect : these events have occurred in a europe which considers itself to be highly civilized and is constantly proclaiming human rights and the rights of children .
( the sitting was suspended at 7.05 p.m. and resumed at 9 p.m. )
i thank mr onesta for bringing his typical panache to the reform agenda and i commit myself to that agenda .
we shall now proceed to the next item on the agenda and take the oral question on the international civil aviation organisation .
mr president , i should like to emphasise certain issues which are no less important for being evident and having been reiterated in this debate .
we have to answer to the public on the legislation that we produce in parliament , and we cannot afford to be complacent about risks to children 's health .
( ro ) i congratulate the rapporteur , my colleague vasco graça moura , for the way in which he knew how to manage the rather large number of amendments to this report .
i am going to give a proper oral explanation and not try your patience by reading out a written statement .
the compromise amendments adopted have substantially improved an initial proposal that i felt was inadequate and insubstantial .
subject : intergovernmental cooperation and passarelle clauses on immigration issues
the vote on the reports by mr duhamel and mr gil-robles gil-delgado will take place shortly .
by mrs von thun und hohenstein , on behalf of the committee on the internal market and consumer protection , on the internal market scoreboard ( sec ( 2009 ) / 1007 - , and
mr president , on behalf of mrs theorin , who initiated this resolution , and my group i would ask all members to support it .
i see that he has left the house. we shall therefore go on to the explanations of vote .
of course , i am slightly disappointed that we have entered the conciliation procedure , but i am encouraged to continue our dialogue and to bring it to completion .
before any decision on grubbing-up is taken , i therefore call on the commission to determine the precise scale of these illegal plantations .
( the sitting was suspended at 12.40 p.m. and resumed at 3.05 p.m. )
in accordance with rule 103 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure , i have received six motions for resolutions .
the vote will take place today at 12.00 .
in ireland we are holding a referendum on the treaty which will , if passed , give an enhanced role and power to national parliaments in eu law-making .
i think we have had an excellent debate. however , if you are in agreement , i have one last speech .
the next item is voting time .
thank you , mr szájer. is there support for this proposal ?
the commission cannot accept amendments 8 , 9 , 11 , 13 , 23 , 26 , 33 , 35 , 38 , 40 , 47 , 53 , 54 , 55 , 56 , 57 , 58 , 59 , 60 , 62 and 63 .
the idea of revamping the ' local products ' concept and more effective support for traditional food markets are solutions which i strongly support .
today the european parliament is asking the commission what steps it has taken towards meeting the expectations enshrined in that resolution .
we welcome the solidarity which has been demonstrated in this parliament in wanting to reduce the agriculture budget by the same amount as headings 3 and 4 .
b5-0632 / 2000 by mr papayannakis , mr sylla and mr cossutta , on behalf of the confederal group of the european united left - nordic green left , on hooliganism during euro 2000 ;
i should point out that of course we are concerned about the gender stereotypes conveyed by some advertising .
i think those were the only factual matters. i will bring the whole wish list and all the priorities , as they have been expressed here , to mr lewandowski .
communication of council common positions : see minutes
this strategy , which may prove to be effective in certain cases , seems , in the case of china , to come up against realities that must not be trivialised .
we also have to resolve the issue of voting weights so that the efficiency and accountability gains promised by the convention are not entirely lost .
we shall now proceed immediately to the vote .
agreement with fyrom - agreement with slovenia
these few key provisions must be taken into consideration if we are to truly protect personal data. we therefore abstained .
in writing . - ( fr ) how many corpses will we have to fish out of the mediterranean sea before effective solutions are put in place ?
the vote will take place at 5.30 p.m.
music , films and audiovisual products are not travelling from one corner of europe to the other as much as they should .
we take note of your comments , mr zimmerling .
by mr roszkowski , on behalf of the committee on regional development , on complementarities and coordination of cohesion policy with rural development measures ;
it is therefore unacceptable to increase funding for a publicity campaign aimed at adopting the so-called european constitution .
israeli military operation against the humanitarian flotilla and the gaza blockade ( debate )
i should like to emphatically endorse mr swoboda 's proposal. this is about all the consequences , of course , including the social ones .
let me now turn to some of the concrete measures which will be taken .
as regards the objectives set out in the report , i should like to highlight the following :
section vi – european economic and social committee
subject : un convention on the rights of persons with disabilities
the commission will draft an explanatory note regarding transitional provisions and dates of application of the regulation ( in particular in view of articles 7 , 8 , 10 and 12a ) .
i voted in favour of parliament 's position as i believe that :
( as more than 12 members were opposed , the oral amendment was not considered )
in writing . - ( pl ) in taking the floor during this debate on climate protection policy up to 2050 , i would like to draw your attention to the following points .
the consequences of ignoring the problems now could be catastrophic ; furthermore , we might not be able to solve them anymore in the future .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 10 a.m.
rapporteur . - mr president , it is just to delete the words ' by the first european ombudsman ' from the first part of the amendment .
i should like to thank the council for its common position , in which it takes over the amendments adopted by parliament at first reading and accepted by the commission .
that also does not relate to the minutes , but to the verbatim report of proceedings .
when does the presidency expect the council to be in a position to adopt this measure ?
the high representative for foreign and security policy / vice-president ashton has deplored this attack and has stated that no circumstances can justify the use of terrorist violence and suicide attacks .
european rosé wine producers are today worried by the commission 's application project regarding lifting the ban on blending white and red table wine in order to make rosé wine .
the eu must take concrete measures to show that it is serious about the need for a real improvement of the rule of law situation in russia .
. despite my heartfelt sympathy for the victims of this unimaginable tragedy , i voted against the council regulation , for the reasons i shall now explain .
report ( a5-0289 / 2000 ) by mr duhamel , on behalf of the committee on constitutional affairs , on constitutionalisation of the treaties ( 2000 / 2160 ( ini ) ) ;
joint motion for a resolution on the middle east ( b5-0101 / 2002 )
madam president , i would like to begin by thanking mr mikolášik for such excellent and very constructive cooperation on this important report .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
( further loud protests from the efd and replies of ' be quiet ! ' further prolonged noise and whistles )
food additives other than colours and sweeteners
finally , with regard to financial supervision , i should like to encourage ...
mr president , the great majority of my group will vote to allow the accession treaty for the ten new countries to be signed .
interpretation of the rules of procedure : see minutes
mr president , may i at the outset offer sweden my congratulations on its effective presidency. i will be forgiven for concentrating on the irish situation .
i would cite the letter sent by mr brunmayr , director-general of the council secretariat .
section iv - court of justice
mrs blanca reyes , you have the floor .
mr wijkman had a solution involving mushrooms. i think that idea sounded very interesting , and i hope the commission will look into it .
( fr ) mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i am going to focus my speech on mr goerens ' report , which deals with the acp banana accompanying measures ( bam ) .
we shall now move to the vote .
in any case , my view is , if we are going to tackle this issue , we must do so more thoroughly and more competently .
as a member of the delegation for relations with china , i naturally subscribe to the messages of condolence conveyed by the previous speakers .
secondly , the commission has introduced in the latest seventh framework programme , published on 20 july last , a number of measures specifically targeting smes , including earmarked budgets .
each speculative price increase represents a huge levy imposed by some oil groups and capitalist middlemen on the population , including the poorest sections , who pay directly or indirectly .
the issue of international governance has already been discussed .
subject : east timor will the commission state what action it intends to take on behalf of the european union with regard to east timor ?
the suggestions of the socialist group appear in the joint resolution , which we will vote for with conviction and which can be summed up in seven points .
let us proceed with the order of the day and put chocolate to its intended use , namely enjoyment .
we support the demand for a solution to be found to the conflict between the united states and the eu , produced by the discriminatory gramm-leach-bliley legislation .
- to ensure that the safety of sources is monitored , in order to prevent , as far as possible , all malicious use .
. mr president , ladies and gentlemen , in order to pay tribute to the italian football team , i shall begin my speech in italian .
fourthly , we underline the need to develop better and less polluting fuels : the effort should be balanced between vehicle manufacture and fuel production .
the first amendment that needs to be made is the inclusion of students among the beneficiaries of social security .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i wish to speak on a point of order , pursuant to rules 146 and 148 .
what we need is a different way of organizing society , a different way of organizing working hours. it is time to be bold , to have new ideas .
of course for the european commission , and for me in particular , climate change , as i have repeatedly emphasised , is one of the main priorities .
the uk government agrees that the detention of the children of asylum seekers should be avoided and is seeking workable solutions to prevent this situation .
we are aware however of the indisputable importance of enlargement and the commitments made in this field , in particular in terms of the opening of negotiations .
( the president cut the speaker off )
i assume that , ultimately , a sound compromise will be found on this issue .
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting
question no 31 by bertel haarder ( h-0857 / 96 )
ecb annual report for 2009 - latest developments on international currency exchange rates ( debate )
a ) prevent the terrorist threat in the territory of the member states ,
mr sichrovsky , i think you might make this proposal in writing , according to the rules of procedure , and we would then see what the best follow up might be .
once again , i should like to thank the members for a very interesting debate and i have taken note of all the issues raised .
the next item is question time ( b6-0161 / 2008 ) .
the next item is the report ( a4-0342 / 96 ) by mr tsatsos , on behalf of the committee on institutional affairs , on the constitutional status of the european political parties .
lastly , it is a fact that the draft budget makes no - and i mean no - financial provision for the 2020 strategy .
( question 8 fell as the questioner was absent )
as usual , the commission will defend the principles on the basis of which we negotiate with all countries .
secondly , we must clearly insist on the mission of impartial observers from the european union .
that concludes the explanations of vote .
i am anxious to show my keenest support for the resolution on genetically modified maize , voted for by our assembly .
the next item is the joint debate on the following oral questions :
na tym kończymy głosowania i przechodzimy do wyjaśnień głosowań .
we are pleased that at the moment , the negotiations between the european parliament and the council on the ' renewable energy and climate change ' package are progressing towards reaching agreement .
protection of the communities ' financial interests - fight against fraud - annual reports 2005 and 2006 ( debate )
we hope that eurojust will reduce the excessively high carryovers and that it will standardise the way in which it awards contracts , as stated by the agency ;
all of this should be reviewed , mr president .
since the time allocated to questions to mr van miert has now run out , question no 29 will be dealt with in writing .
by the way , this is all apparently true for formula 1 racing too .
to conclude , i wish to thank again mrs gonzález álvarez for the excellent report which can be supported by the commission to a large extent .
i should like to congratulate the rapporteur on the thinking behind her report. she correctly brings out the ombudsman 's key role in the eu 's democratic character .
8. export of toxic waste to africa ( vote )
for the eighth time in succession , the european court of auditors has refused to issue the commission with a statement of assurance as to the reliability of its accounts .
the president-in-office of the council , the greek minister for foreign affairs mr papandreou , has the floor .
this question relating to the date and deadlines calls for some comments on my part .
we call on both sides of the conflict to minimise civilian losses and to commence peace negotiations .
the council and commission statements on the preparation of the employment summit ,
with these reservations , i voted in favour of the report by mrs garcía-orcoyen tormo .
while the british museum , the louvre , and the pergamon museum in berlin are filled with the wonders of ancient art , in greece there are mostly only plaster copies now .
parliament should send a delegation to burma to assess the situation for itself .
i am grateful for the opportunity to have taken part in this short but important debate on a matter of such international significance .
in short , we wholeheartedly endorse the original report but cannot go along with the compromises reached which water down the force of the report .
i wish to end by saying that the european parliament will be a permanent partner in the process of developing and implementing the eu strategy for the danube region .
again , i apologise to all those to whom i could not give the opportunity to speak. i am sure it is a subject to which we will return again .
the vote will be taken at 11 a.m. tomorrow .
parliament will do its duty by voting in favour of the böge report. it is now the council ’ s turn to adopt a more constructive stance .
while i entirely endorse the initiative and the approach of the french presidency , i found some of the amendments made to the proposed text unacceptable. i therefore rejected them .
the necessary protection of democracies crushed by the media power of empires ranging from murdoch 's to berlusconi 's ; and on the other hand ,
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m. ( 1 )
mr president , i present the annual report on the work of the committee on petitions .
question no 40 by rui vieira ( h-0822 / 96 )
i am voting in favour of this report because my amendment no 1 opens up this possibility .
- an international economic organisation for international economic stability ;
the next item is the report by mr hutchinson , on behalf of the committee on development , on mdg contracts .
– the next item is the commission statement on the demolition of contaminated us warships in the european union .
( de ) mr president , we would like to propose a brief amendment at this point , namely in the middle of the paragraph , ' as part of the energy package for 2007 ' .
( the sitting was suspended at 7.17 p.m. and resumed at 9 p.m. )
we should not forget that the european union , with its community budget and its member states , is the biggest source of development and humanitarian aid in the world .
i hope that rather than obstructing they will endorse this agreement as quickly as possible .
5. appointment of the vice-president of the european central bank (
that was not about the minutes , but we have made a note of it .
( the sitting was closed at 6.15 p.m. )
mr tappin has produced a good report. i encourage the house to support the amendments and his report .
3. financing of the special court for sierra leone ( vote )
given that biodiversity is a cornerstone of sustainable development , biodiversity concerns need to be integrated into all areas of policy-making .
are there any objections to this oral amendment ?
that concludes the explanations of vote .
i abstained in the vote on this report , since sweden is not participating in the economic and monetary union .
in addition , counterfeit medicines can have life-threatening consequences for people who take these medicines unaware that they are counterfeit. that is also an unacceptable risk .
let us not lose our sense of priorities and , what i would term , legislative efficiency .
is the council aware of the degrading and humiliating treatment which the wives of these men are being subjected to by the us government ?
i am surprised that these measures were adopted in this vote , especially by french members , as they go against the interests of our fishermen .
on the other hand , we need to create jobs and , to do this , the conditions must exist for investment by companies .
( the speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under rule 149 ( 8 ) )
madam president , these dates were set by the former german government. i thought mr poettering would like to know that .
mr president , i ask that mr farage ’ s description of the president of the european council as ‘ not a democrat ’ be recorded in the minutes .
fourthly , great importance should be placed on the safety of passengers and freight .
the rapporteur has rightfully pointed out that one cannot desire more effective common policies without providing more budgetary resources , yet the member states seem rather reluctant to do that .
from an irish perspective , we strongly favour a non-vaccination policy , and have made every effort to contain the country 's single outbreak - so far with success .
it will resume at 3 p.m. with a statement by commissioner solbes .
the next item is the joint debate on :
the next item is a declaration from the commission on the compatibility of political mandate and the office of commissioner .
finally , i trust that the problems stemming from the imprecise definition , following the judgment , of what is considered recovery will be urgently resolved for the good of everybody .
( b5-0169 / 2002 ) by mrs morgantini , on behalf of the confederal group of the european united left / nordic green left , on zimbabwe ;
the debate is now suspended and will be continued after question time .
mr caudron , i shall ask the services immediately to make it easier for members to enter the chamber .
we get bad news in these points of order very often , but i have very good news for our dutch colleagues. they now have two television channels .
i would like to hear your reply to these two specific questions of mine .
the next item is questions to the council ( b4-1002 / 97 ) .
the eu budget is vital for the development of eu activities , and , especially in times of crisis , for the effective allocation of funds relating to cohesion policy .
i would like to thank mr parish for his excellent work .
b5-0587 / 2001 by mr sjöstedt and mrs frahm , on behalf of the gue / ngl group , on cambodia ;
motion for a resolution on the international criminal court
is there a member to speak against the request by the socialist group ? there being no speaker , i shall put this to the vote .
finally , i regret the rejection of the call for the creation of a green tobin tax , the income from which would have helped developing countries to combat climate change .
i give the floor to mr rocard to express the opinion of the committee on development and cooperation , as the committee responsible .
it conceals the fact that there are countries in economic divergence with the eu in the name of ' nominal convergence ' under the stability pact and the euro ?
the vote will be taken at 5.30 p.m.
burma- b5-0073 / 99 by mr collins , on behalf of the uen group , on burma ;
mr martin , you have 30 seconds to question mr lamberts on the matter .
subject : smes ' participation in the single act
mr president , i would firstly like to extend my heartfelt thanks to mr esteve for his opening remarks explaining the amendments. i shall , of course , take note of these .
we do not look favourably on the council position of rejecting any possible agreement with the positions of this parliament .
secondly , full access : with regard to the humanitarian situation there must be full and unhindered access to the affected areas , particularly refugee camps , to provide urgently-needed relief ...
madam president , the action programme on rare diseases which we are debating supplements a series of efforts to improve public health in the european union .
before giving the floor to the next speaker , i am going to respond to a procedural motion .
the minutes of friday , 15 may 1998 have been distributed .
subject : union support for the peace plan and the referendum to be held in western sahara
the commission also strongly believes that this sector ...
in others it may be lacking , but the answer is surely to make the 1985 directive universally applicable .
what further increase in road freight traffic is the commission expecting in the next few years , in particular after accession ?
1. council recommendation on mobility of young volunteers across europe ;
in writing . - ( fr ) for years now , alongside our african colleagues , we the socialists have joined forces to make the epas real development instruments .
what has happened to the rest of the funding announced for the northern part of the island , given that only 10 % has actually been disbursed to date ?
the next item is the report ( a5-0191 / 2001 ) by mrs dybkjær , on behalf of the committee on development and cooperation , on information and communication technologies ( ict ) and developing countries ( 2000 / 2327 ( ini ) ) .
mr president , i should like the minutes to record that the first words from the chair were an apology for that delay .
the conclusion is sad : the lack of interest in gender issues is equalled only by the lack of political will for effective common regulations in the labour market .
mr president , the so-called arab spring filled many of us with hope and we are pleased to see the fall of some of these disgraceful regimes .
the june movement is therefore in support of the eu 's dealing with soil protection in the member states .
however , the intention - albeit voluntary - with regard to the body scanner seems to me to be woefully inadequate .
mr dupuis , your political point is important , but we are discussing the draft constitutional treaty .
the vote will take place at 12 p.m.
impact of advertising on consumer behaviour ( short presentation )
i am , therefore , appealing publicly to the sense of responsibility of the members of my group and asking them to withdraw their signatures from a completely foolish political document .
in writing . - ( pt ) the mobilisation of the flexibility instrument , along with the amendment of the interinstitutional agreement , is an integral part of the draft community budget for 2008 .
finally , i welcome the wisdom of the rapporteur and i congratulate him strongly on his report .
15. draft amending budget no 2 / 2009 (
if mr kronberger joins us , he will be on the right side. i do ask , though , that the vote should take place .
i would suggest that in paragraph 3 we delete the date ' 4 february 2005 ' and replace it with the correct date of the presidential elections , 19 december 2004 .
dates of forthcoming sittings : see minutes
one of the principles of sustainability is to deal with issues at the smallest level. that , ladies and gentlemen , is what i ask in order to achieve sustainability .
secondly , by consolidating the concept of the european research area , we will be able to tackle the deficiencies we europeans have in this field .
17 . 2008 discharge : european monitoring centre for drugs and drug addiction
( applause from the right and from the centre )
the final package negotiated by commissioner pinheiro and endorsed by the full commission is the basis of a solid partnership for trade , development and technical cooperation .
( explanation of vote cut short pursuant to rule 137 of the rules of procedure )
are there any objections to this oral amendment ?
i should like to see our parliament defend a more ambitious position than the council ' s position , but i should also like that position to be equally credible .
the new beginning in washington is an opportunity for us to send a clear signal that human rights must not be eroded in the war against terror .
( the sitting was suspended at 8.15 p.m. and resumed at 9 p.m. )
thirdly , the pre-accession package contains an attractive offer for those states wishing to join and does not place excessive strain on the current member states .
mr president , last night was the first anniversary of the death of a great man and a great european , pope john paul ii .
mr president , madam president-in-office , do you think that the introduction of the euro will lead to more transparency in the cost of cars and motor insurance ?
agenda of the next sitting : see minutes
mr garcía-margallo , as you know , and however important what you have said may be , this debate is clearly not on the agenda , and i must keep to the agenda .
commissioner patten cannot be at our sitting today or tomorrow , but he will appear before the committee on foreign affairs , human rights , common security and defence policy next monday .
first , the discouragement and punishment of those who take part in child sex abuse ;
so it is good that something is actually happening , it is good that there has been a statement , but let us get on with it .
furthermore , in its statement the presidency expresses ' concern ' about reports of manipulation - very mild indeed - and you ask the election commission to follow up such complaints .
we were unable to support amendment no 74 because it is worded in such a way as to exclude patent protection for , among other things , human proteins .
finally , i should like to turn to three other areas , namely definitions , producer responsibility and batteries integrated in appliances .
that , madam president , committee chairmen , ladies and gentlemen , is what we need to reflect on together .
is the commission aware that a spanish businessman has been detained in the us under the helms-burton act ?
. mr president , i can answer the three questions , which concern the same basic issue .
i am thus voting against this report .
this programme is also of great consequence , therefore. the objectives have been well chosen , but unfortunately there are too many of them .
yesterday you expressed the fact that you do not want this charter of fundamental rights. remove your signature ! our cooperation with you is finished !
as mr andrews is not present , question no 21 ( h-0176 / 97 ) falls .
citizens of the european union want .
question no 15 by brian crowley ( h-0554 / 02 ) :
the line-up of the new commission , upon whose investiture parliament was asked to vote today , admittedly takes these problems into account .
mr president , allow me to wish you all the best in your new role .
subject : suicide attacks against european targets in casablanca
the vote will take place at 11.00 a.m.
abolishing discrimination against third-country nationals cannot wait until we have a community migration policy. unfortunately , in your amendments you call for a policy of isolation and demarcation .
. the uk pse group will abstain on the final vote on the böge report of 18.01.2006 for the following reasons :
the first item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
by 2015 under the new water framework directive 2000 / 60 / ec
on these and other grounds , we have decided to abstain on the resolution .
i should like to thank all members and the interpreters for their time and their presence here. i declare the session closed .
only two agencies which do not receive subsidies from the commission are not concerned , those at angers and at alicante .
what progress can the council report on the framework decision on racism and xenophobia ?
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
25 . 2009 discharge : artemis joint undertaking (
that is the underlying logic of this process and this dynamic. but it should not prevent us from denouncing it and reconsidering the logic , the process and the dynamic .
8. increases the role of the public in decision making on the siting of installations .
this concludes my response. i thank you for the opportunity you have given me to expand on this matter .
mr madlener , there really is no time .
mr president , i too should like to endorse the statement made by my fellow member from the liberal group , mrs flesch .
madam president , afghanistan has no longer a great deal of choice .
setting up more high-profile committees on european issues in national parliaments ,
we are not going to start a debate now , mr pinel .
participation and responsibilities shared among several countries could usher in a new era of peace and well-being , with the now indispensable help of africa 's european partners .
what is the fallback position if nothing happens in the next month in the negotiations ? where do we go ? what is the situation ?
. – clean air for the citizens , their health and their quality of life is a good intention .
so congratulations once again to the rapporteur ; i am sure that his report will fare well .
i give the floor to mr verheugen to answer mrs sandbæk 's question .
from 3.00 p.m. to 5.30 p.m. , we would debate the two council and commission statements on the brussels european council and on the health workers detained in libya .
b5-0275 / 2001 by mr knörr borràs and mr lipietz on behalf of the verts / ale group ;
( the president cut the speaker off )
i think that the european union must give its support to setting up a un committee of inquiry which will substantiate human rights violations in north korea .
greenhouse gas emission reductions and risk of carbon leakage ( short presentation )
with regard to my own responsibilities that i have just identified , i felt that this was an important first step for me to take in this issue .
finally , i wish to support the european ombudsman 's initiative in strengthening cooperation with national ombudsmen and similar institutions in a joint effort to reinforce the trust of european citizens .
12. emergency autonomous trade preferences for pakistan (
the minutes of yesterday 's sitting have been distributed .
madam president , i would like thank all the speakers and especially mr beysen for his work .
subject : used bottle and can return system
· to grant freedom of movement to and lift the house arrest on the president of the national palestinian authority , yasser arafat ;
the vote will be taken at 12 noon tomorrow .
i will make sure that the services concerned are aware of your suggestion .
the definition of the working times and standby duty
ladies and gentlemen , this is the essence of our proposal , the primary concern of which is to ensure that third country crews are professionally competent .
membership of committees and delegations : see minutes
mr president , honourable members , i am pleased that our presence has excited so much attention in the european ... ( the president takes the floor ) .
is the president-in-office of the council prepared to pass on this request ?
as to the main content of the report , firstly , attention will be paid to safety during all stages of road design , construction and maintenance .
can the commission outline the initiatives that it intends to pursue to promote volunteerism in sport in europe to a greater extent ?
question no 10 by mr vieira ( h-0418 / 96 )
( ga ) mr president , we are undoubtedly facing a great challenge at present and we urgently need to look at new ways of solving all those problems .
question no 40 by willy de clercq ( h-0091 / 99 )
the vote will take place on thursday 4 september 2008 .
dates of forthcoming sittings : see minutes
i welcome this report which includes important elements drawn from written declaration 111 on ending street homelessness , which was adopted by the european parliament in april 2008 .
there is a lack of transparency because the financial markets have proved to be more opaque than was thought .
i have voted against this recommendation because the compromise found attacks directly article 7 of the eu 's charter on fundamental rights that protects european citizens ' privacy .
b5-0776 / 2000 , by mr van den berg and mr sakellariou , on behalf of the group of the party of european socialists , on the situation in afghanistan ;
the blokland report on hazardous chemicals is deferred to the january part-session , so that conciliation can be achieved at first reading .
( the president cut the speaker off )
the vote will take place today at 12 noon .
before the vote on article 3 of the annex
ladies and gentlemen , it is time for europe to be able to give out fishing rods , to show people how to fish , rather than to hand out fish .
given the adoption of amendments intended to make this proposal for a directive more workable , regarding the date of its entry into force , for example , i voted in favour .
let us introduce some proportionality and balance to our debates and give the issues we discuss in these human rights debates some serious consideration .
it would quite simply be inappropriate to disregard current institutional practice in the community in relation to responsibility for controlling ships operating on the high seas .
the vote will take place on thursday at 10 a.m.
import of laogai-made goods into the eu ( debate )
( de ) that is how the compromise would be worded , and both amendments 37 and 19 would then be covered .
( the president cut off the speaker )
approval of minutes of previous sitting : see minutes
( parliament approved the motion by electronic vote . )
the vote will take place on wednesday ( 19 january 2011 ) .
madam president , i wish to congratulate baroness nicholson on her work on what has already become one of the most talked-about reports initiated by this house .
in summary , my aim is to call on the european parliament and the commission to be mindful of the social consequences of environmental taxes or charges .
however , we are against total liberalisation of the railways in the form recommended. we do not want to have a single model imposed on us !
for the purpose of calculating pensions , certain periods devoted to the upbringing of children or care of family members ought to be taken into account ;
we shall now proceed to the vote .
( the president cut the speaker off )
i am happy to see that there is a community will to improve ship dismantling practices .
this approach should be adaptive so that as we learn more - or , as environmental and ecosystem conditions change - new knowledge can be applied to the approach .
question no 13 by alex smith ( h-0753 / 98 )
thirdly , it is vital to promote solidarity within society , making all its members aware of the issues of poverty and social exclusion .
thank you , mr liese. are there any objections to the suggestion that we make this an en bloc vote ?
we shall now continue the debate on the report by mrs berès .
that is not only good for the climate , it will also reduce accidents because 40 000 people die on europe 's roads every year .
to return to the main point at issue , the commission has done no more than interpret the relevant articles of the treaty - basically articles 56 and 43 .
how does the commission propose to combat the use of the internet by criminal gangs across europe ?
we still also have yet to make progress toward a european consumers ' charter in the field of financial services .
moreover , women are not adequately represented in social dialogue. neither employers ' organisations nor the trade unions and the public sector have enough women in high-level positions .
– the commission proposes funding embryonic stem cell research despite the opposition of certain member states which prohibit this and in contempt , too , of the principle of subsidiarity .
on the amendment dealing with gmos , the commission considers that this would be better dealt with as an additional recital rather than mentioning it in an article by itself .
madam president , i would like to thank our rapporteur for his open-mindedness in drawing up this report .
the ppe-de group believes that if the verts / ale group wants to play its role in a democratic and fair way it has to play the game .
british soldiers held hostage in sierra leone
the next item is the final draft agenda as drawn up by the conference of presidents at its meeting of tuesday 11 january .
what is the council 's position with regard to europe-wide cooperation concerning homelessness ? in particular , would it consider the sharing of statistics at european level to be a positive move ?
7. amendment of the interinstitutional agreement of 17 may 2006 (
the hypocrisy of the ' international community ' - i.e. the united states and its allies - regarding the npt and , especially , iran 's nuclear programme must be denounced .
quite aside from the fact that we contest the right of the europe of brussels to any fiscal competence whatsoever , these considerations lead us to vote against this report .
the question 51 lapses as its author was absent .
( the sitting was suspended at 19.35 and resumed at 21.00 )
explanations of vote- recommendation for second reading palacio vallelersundi ( a5-0254 / 2000 )
i would like to see these things at least clarified , perhaps by the commissioner , so that the new parliament will be able to dispose of these documents .
1. promotion of the use of energy from renewable sources (
mr president , as this vote concerns me directly , i should like the house to know that i shall not be taking part in it .
i urge the president-in-office of the council to utilise what are obviously the good offices of the spanish presidency to bring about that solution .
i would like an answer from the president-in-office as before , particularly about mr fatos nano .
a limited interoperability exception , geared towards the promotion of open standards , could also constitute a sound approach , provided that international obligations are respected .
now , mr kamall , i suppose you are going to tell us about fishermen in london ?
the next item is the joint debate on the oral questions :
as i said , i tried to achieve a consensus with the compromise amendments that we came forward with in committee. i feel we have achieved this .
to wind up the debate , six motions for resolutions ( 1 ) have been tabled pursuant to rule 103 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
the next item is the debate on six motions for a resolution on chad .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11.00 a.m.
16. discharge 2005 : european agency for safety and health at work ( vote )
in writing . - i support this report 's aims to strengthen security and fundamental freedoms on the internet .
( parliament agreed to accept the oral amendment )
madam president , i should first like to make a statement on eurostat. several speakers referred to it indirectly , though no specific questions were posed .
thank you , mrs schreyer. i am sorry that the council is not represented here .
( statement abbreviated in accordance with rule 120 ( 7 ) of the rules of procedure )
ladies and gentlemen , does this sound like the social europe that you have been hoping and praying for ?
while the political situations in kosovo and serbia are not directly analogous , we judge that there are opportunities for minorities in serbia to enjoy full involvement in parliamentary politics .
it makes no sense to continue with the debate. i would ask the commissioner to reply as briefly as possible .
i would like to thank members again for their support for this proposal , which is a big step towards improving animal welfare in the european union .
this is causing huge hardship to great sectors of the population and the lack of purchasing power therefore has a consequence on the food supply .
this parliament should congratulate commissioner gradin on the work she has done in this field , persuading member states to begin to work together to combat this trade in women .
( the sitting closed at 12.15 p.m. )
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
the vote will be at noon tomorrow .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11.30 a.m.
i also support the idea that court decisions should have the same force as they have in the member state in which they were issued , without any additional formalities .
membership of committees and delegations : see minutes
moreover , you have kept to the speaking time given by the european parliament .
we will now take the vote .
strengthening security and fundamental freedoms on the internet ( debate )
mr president of the european council , may i now ask you to address us .
thank you very much , mrs cresson .
· the date of its entry into force .
ladies and gentlemen , the decision is yours .
( fr ) mr president , ' to err is human , to persist is diabolical ' . never has this saying been more appropriate than in the lamentable saga of the accession negotiations with turkey .
in the interests of ending the segregation that exists in education , i support the initiation of measures to provide information and engage in social dialogue .
when will the commission deliver its opinion on this matter ?
economic rights are based on finite resources , and should be regarded as a worthwhile goal rather than an indispensable requirement for the majority of the world 's population .
thanks to the euro , our economies are better protected from external shocks and have become more important and influential on world markets .
secondly , we must take account of the geographical reality of the seaports in the various regions of the european union .
- after the vote on the amended proposal :
subject : commission studies on trade with acp regions
as i said in my opening remarks , we are now studying the situation and we will be back to you very soon with our results .
therefore i wish to announce that i am present and that i will not vote .
i decided to vote for this motion for a resolution as it highlights the problems inherent in the european commission 's proposal on the motor vehicle block exemption regulation .
question no 9 by brian crowley ( h-0558 / 96 )
mr president , when considering eu-acp relations , surely the first principle should be how we help take people out of poverty in many of these countries .
thank you very much. that is a good example from colleagues. perhaps we will not go beyond midnight .
the vote will take place at 12 noon on thursday .
madam president , i shall answer any question from mrs lulling , since she voted in favour of the commission .
clearly , we should give more attention to the wider problem : how many agencies do we need , and are they really necessary ?
secondly , to reaffirm international maritime law , which makes it mandatory to provide assistance to anyone in distress , while the seven tunisian fishermen are still on trial ;
mr president , commissioner , twenty years have passed since the philosopher and essayist , alvin toffler , identified the new information technologies as the third of humanity ' s great revolutions .
what can the european union do in such circumstances ?
subject : free movement and transport of agricultural products within the european union
madam president , i supported this report. effective consumer enforcement policy is central to the functioning of the single market .
on the basis of the above considerations , the committee on legal affairs recommends that the european parliament should not defend the parliamentary immunity of mr tomczak .
madam president , commissioner de gucht is currently absent and has asked me to make the following statement in response to the parliamentary question from vital moreira .
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see minutes
mr president , i refer to the boogerd-quaak report for which , moreover , the committee on citizens ’ freedoms and rights , justice and home affairs has been convened today for 7 p.m.
. mr president , that may be half a step forward , but i should still like to refer the matter back to committee for further consultation .
( the speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under rule 149 ( 8 ) )
mr president , five years ago in this chamber i put forward the need for a european sports agency. i believe that today it is more necessary than ever .
23. fundamental rights agency - activities under title vi teu ( vote )
such a system is easy to conceive and is also viable , given how slack certain member states usually are when it comes to carrying out customs checks .
18. specific programme ' cooperation ' ( seventh rtdd framework programme , 2007-2013 ) ( vote )
as a result , my colleagues and i have abstained on the final vote for this report .
the report by erik meijer , on behalf of the committee on foreign affairs , on the 2007 progress report on the former yugoslav republic of macedonia .
b5-0426 / 2001 by olivier dupuis and others , on behalf of the tdi group , on the situation in nepal ;
that being said , there is a strong case for reviewing our existing structures and revamping and modernising the new transatlantic agenda of 1995 to adapt it to current needs .
i should now like to make a few comments on the major issues you raised in your resolution .
ladies and gentlemen , i look forward to your debate with interest .
mr martens , we can all testify that you were here , doing your job , and we shall give evidence on your behalf to all the television stations .
there is a world of difference between qualified majority and disqualified unanimity .
mr president , mr solana , minister , commissioner , i have two sentiments that i would like to express .
i share mr klinz 's view on the importance of penalties and the ability of esma to impose them. mrs regner also mentioned this point .
in writing . - i will be supporting this report because we have accepted amendments 48 and 49 and rejected amendment 93 in regard to recreational fishing .
in recital k , replace the word ' over ' with ' close to ' , and adding as well the 30 % , and add ' one of ' to ' the highest literacy rate ' .
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , i should like to comment on a few points .
the present directive does not regulate alternative investment funds , which can continue to be regulated and monitored at a national level ;
we should think of europe as a single health area. that should be our vision. perhaps the public consultation process could be the first step in the right direction .
the next item is the general debate on the future of the enlarged european union .
mr president , i welcome this report by mrs langenhagen , the contents of which i am very happy to endorse .
mr president , now that we are well into the 21st century we cannot just condemn homophobia : we must fight it politically and legally .
in writing . - i support this report which makes recommendations on a broad range of issues including discrimination , immigration , social rights and gender equality .
we also consider the amounts earmarked for this fund for 2007 to 2013 to be inadequate , particularly in light of the eu enlargement .
– the next item is the statements by the council and the commission on the reform of the united nations and the millennium development goals .
which method are you going to use to devise this indicator and has a consultation schedule for this already been established ?
mrs damião , thank you for giving us hope that there is real hope in europe for biotechnology and the life sciences .
i urge us to respect the stability and growth pact and add to its ability to check finance ministers ' discipline .
are there any objections to this oral amendment being included ?
– madam president , the vote for the european commission is of particular institutional and political importance .
i have no doubt , mr mayer .
i am going to read it now so that we have a clear idea of what we will approve in the event that these amendments are accepted .
before commissioner monti replies , i should like to give the floor to mr van velzen , so that mr monti can answer both speakers together .
i can live with that , particularly when it comes to a fairer distribution of direct payments in europe to guarantee the smooth operation of the internal market .
let us solve the problem ; let us not moan about it .
2. agreements between the eu , iceland , liechtenstein and norway ( financial mechanisms 2009-2014 and imports into the eu of certain fish and fisheries products 2009-2014 ) (
( the president cut off the speaker )
we reject the text as a whole because we are completely opposed to any privatisation of postal services and to any notion of these services being for profit .
mr nordmann , i believe that your expression of interest in transparency through publication is something that would commend itself to this house .
( for results and other details of the vote : see minutes )
mr kilroy-silk , you must respect speaking times like everybody else and , furthermore , what you have said is not a point of order .
recital n , which has to do with this matter .
does the commission intend to take measures to prevent drug abuse in sport in connection with its efforts to combat drug-use or in other contexts ?
i therefore voted in favour of this change , and i congratulate the commission and the european union for having now brought the banana war to an end .
( bg ) mr. chairman , all countries are affected by the problem of raising children in a disadvantaged position. children 's rights and their protection call for an integrated policy .
two : the exchange of traffic data and the creation of an information management service should be geared to intermodal transport from the outset .
( pt ) mr president , in this debate on e-commerce , i would like to highlight three issues that i believe are important to clarify .
mr president , i would like to thank the rapporteur and the shadow rapporteurs for their good work on this report .
composition of political groups : see minutes
the next item is the joint debate on
2. will put incineration and co-incineration plants on the same footing in terms of limit values , removing the special status granted to co-incineration plants .
action taken on parliament 's positions and resolutions : see minutes
before the start of the vote .
( fi ) mr president , human trafficking is always an act against humanity. it is very important for us in europe ultimately to take tangible steps to counter it .
( pl ) madam president , 20 member states have signed the council of europe convention , the first international legal document which classifies the sexual exploitation of children as a crime .
the commission can accept amendment 45 in part .
the committee on development was unanimous in supporting the following key principles .
in writing . - i voted for this resolution , although i cannot quite get the strong smell of hypocrisy , on the part of the eu institutions , out of my nostrils .
i would like the president of parliament to explain what criteria are used to make such decisions , because , quite simply , i find them very hard to understand .
question no 14 by alex smith ( h-0903 / 97 )
subject : priority measures for northern morocco
before the vote on amendment 2 :
( the sitting was suspended at 5.23 p.m. and resumed at 5.30 p.m. )
madam commissioner , i would like to ask a question about the future of the rechar initiative which , it would appear , will no longer be included .
that therefore means that the council wishes to adhere to its proposal .
we therefore contest this vote from every point of view. in our opinion , it is contrary to france 's national interests .
the vote will take place at the end of the debate .
is there a need to re-examine any of the four scientific steering committee opinions directly related to the scientific rationale of the date-based export scheme ?
let us hope that amongst all of us we can contribute to peace , because i believe that that is the only truly important thing at the moment .
i just wish to thank the president-in-office for the excellent , lengthy and detailed answer on this important subject .
i have received two motions for resolution tabled in accordance with rule 103 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 am .
i call on the commission on behalf of our group to continue to resolutely perform its role as the guardian of law and stability in future .
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
although several applications have been developed or introduced for different transport modes ( railway , maritime and air ) , there is no similar coherent european framework for road transport .
the seventh fprd is one of the means that will enable europe to move forward and our people to benefit in everyday life from the fruits of european research .
i welcomed the vote in plenary that approved the recommendation for second reading with regard to a regulation concerning the european rail network for competitive freight .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
to close , the european parliament must take its responsibilities .
the commission is therefore going to play a central role in the follow-up to this summit .
( the president cut off the speaker )
i should like to take this opportunity to thank commissioner barnier and the belgian presidency for their very strong involvement in this issue .
given the needs of the people of bosnia and herzegovina and the eu ’ s duty to show solidarity , i voted in favour .
mr president , i will go through the debates in the order in which they were held .
on the subject of watchdogs , it is true that we work with private sector organisations. we would be worse off if we did not have these watchdogs .
you have had the foresight , prime minister , to give raoul wallenberg the place he deserves in history. may we never betray his memory .
the people of moldova must remember the 1992 war and make every effort to prevent renewed bloodshed. why are the fine words and the moscow memorandum not acted upon ?
to wind up the debate , i have received five motions for resolutions ( 1 ) , pursuant to rule 108 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure .
mr president , we find ourselves faced with the worst situation in the region since the 1967 and 1973 wars .
firstly , the constitution sets forth the rights and duties of citizens. we have made the charter of fundamental rights an integral and legally binding element of the european constitution .
agenda for next sitting : see minutes
( ro ) i wish to begin by expressing my thanks to mr peterle for the effort he has put into this report .
the next item is the debate on the following five motions for resolutions presented by :
we ask you to look again at the wording of amendment no 5 and we ask you to reply on the issue of comitology .
to the rapporteur , i extend my very warm thanks for the support given to this draft , for the report itself , and for parliament ’ s support in this area .
. i am sincerely grateful to the honourable gentleman for the question that he raises and pay tribute to his long-standing interest in this matter .
for all these reasons , it should i hope , be possible , at last , to adopt the text of this directive tomorrow .
thank you , mr migalski. mr mcmillan-scott has listened to you from the rostrum , but we are all very interested in human rights .
in particular , my question is what will be the impact of the eu itself ratifying the convention on those countries that have not already ratified it ?
i welcome this commission. most of our group will support it , as indeed most of parliament will support it. we ask for fair play in return for that support .
question no 44 will be answered in writing .
finally , consumers also suffer from the bad impact on human health of the increased use of chemicals in farming as well as the unknown impact of gm .
mr aznar , please do not let the neutrality of the presidency paralyse our legitimate europeanist objective of cohesion. let us be firm , but let us also talk .
last week 's violent takeover of gaza bespoke a lack of respect for the rule of law , which is a de minimis requirement for any legitimate government .
approval of minutes of previous sitting : see minutes
mr president , the group of the greens / european free alliance welcomes the gsp agreement , but still has major concerns. allow me to point out the two most serious of these .
furthermore , as mr tajani will point out , the reference to the return of the body of mr enzo baldoni in paragraph 2 has been omitted .
these are extremely sensitive issues , where i believe we have to show some kind of restraint in the comments made .
mr president , on a point of order , there was a guy up there filming us , including when we were signing .
it must not be forgotten , however , that special attention must be given to one-off humanitarian emergencies .
please allow me to express my and our group 's satisfaction with the motion for a resolution we are going to vote for tomorrow .
moreover , in relation to the war crimes that israel continues to commit against the palestinians , he said virtually nothing , which we deplore .
the commission is looking forward to working with parliament along the lines of the report , and will report back on the progress made .
thank you very much , mrs stihler. i have sent two letters to the pakistani authorities in relation to the issues you have mentioned .
i therefore think this is a good report and that this structural fund policy should be maintained .
the union 's motto is ” unity in diversity ” , and 2008 should make a real contribution to strengthening cohesion within the union , using intercultural dialogue as a basis .
allow me once more to express my thanks to the rapporteur for the excellent work he has done .
my question is : why have the frontex patrols not started already in the mediterranean ? when will they be started ? and what is the presidency doing about this ?
as far as any enforced limit on the number of foreign players is concerned , i should like to recall the following .
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
that is the commission 's task in putting into practice the wide-ranging concept of ' aid for trade ' and i appeal to you , commissioner , to pay particular attention to these aspects .
could you expand on the answer which the president-in-office of the council has given us on this situation ?
you might ask what relevance this has to the eu. the answer is that many eu shareholders are concerned that commercial and legal commitments are not being followed through .
i shall stop here. i am sorry i cannot say anything on colonisation. that is a matter for the member states. you know it very well .
fourthly , there is a need to also contribute to development in north sudan , which we must not forget , and which is preparing to draw up a new constitution .
b5-0192 / 2001 , by mr belder , on behalf of the group for a europe of democracies and diversities , on the situation in turkmenistan ;
( it ) madam president , ladies and gentlemen , the structure of the cohesion policy we are debating today is very commendable .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12.30 p.m.
the report by mr leinen , on behalf of the committee on constitutional affairs , on parliament 's new role and responsibilities in implementing the treaty of lisbon ,
we confirm our joint assessment of the vital importance of this aspect of the ' better regulation ' programme .
these proposals seek to circumvent the arrangements agreed in the eu regarding the levels of political responsibility for various policy areas. we have therefore voted against this report .
this strategy must involve enhancing the commission 's modest proposal ; in other words , by introducing prevention and producer responsibility .
draft amendments to the draft general budget 2003 as modified by the council
i want the original version with ' european ' in between - regional and lesser-used european languages .
mr president , last week , at the etaples cemetery , the graves of british and irish soldiers were desecrated in response to the instigation of war in iraq .
i then received five proposals to add a fifth sub-item to the ' human rights ' section .
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on friday , 17 july 1998 .
the next item is the vote .
thank you very much , mr henderson .
do not let the fight against poverty become the victim of deadlocked negotiations. if the world trade round cannot be saved , at least we should save the millennium objectives .
we must be better prepared , firstly to prevent such disasters , and secondly to provide each other with assistance in dealing with their aftermath .
as the free movement of persons is a given fact of european integration , it is essential that a clear legal framework be set up .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
it is clear that we must expressly exclude , as certain amendments do , the patentability of inventions solely because they use a computer .
finally , we propose to keep the special procedures that were agreed under the so-called lamfalussy procedures. i gather that is not a matter of controversy .
it is also essential to recognise the diversity of forest ecosystems in europe and the multifunctionality of many of them , such as , for example , the mediterranean 's montado agro-forestry pastures .
thank you very much mr wijsenbeek. as usual , i have no idea what you are talking about .
the union for europe of the nations group has requested that a commission statement on the earthquake in the italian region of abruzzo be inserted into the agenda .
amendments nos 1 to 30 improve the directive. i commend them to the house. this directive is an improvement on its predecessor .
member of the commission . - i will start my answer with undergrounding. up until now , undergrounding cable technology has been used only in limited cases , like madrid airport .
the next item is six motions for resolutions on sudan and particularly the killing of african union peacekeeping soldiers .
that is not something which should be included in the minutes. it will appear in the verbatim report of proceedings .
internet filtering for the sake of combating pornography , child pornography and terrorism is crucial , but such vigilance must be strictly defined and controlled .
this is all in accordance with the principles that we have always upheld .
i have , on 23 october 2003 , voted in favour of the budget at the european parliament ’ s first reading and in favour of mr mulder ’ s report ( a5-0349 / 2003 ) .
( fr ) mr president , i know i am coming to the end , but please give me ' soixante petites secondes pour ma dernière minute ' with carla bruni 's husband .
one more thought on waste : if we are talking about toxic substances , it is not .....
an eu with strengthened federal and supranational bodies would represent an irreversible step towards a superstate with large distances and major distinctions separating the electorate from their elected representatives .
subject : commission study on children and advertising
the vote will take place at the end of the debate .
finally , i entirely agree with what my colleague mr chanterie said .
( es ) mr president , my speech concerns an issue that has not been mentioned .
i would like to thank mr ferber for his perseverance while dealing with this very tough process .
mr brinkhorst now has the floor for one and a half minutes .
in writing . - ( sv ) the collection of independent and accurate statistics helps consumers as well as business and the public sector to take a variety of decisions .
mr verheugen , you have the floor to answer the question by mrs gonzález álvarez .
subject : used bottle and can return system
we will now adjourn the session for the formal sitting for the award of the sakharov prize. we will continue subsequently with the explanations of vote .
the next item is the one-minute speeches on matters of political importance .
why do we need planning ? the rapporteur has told us the reasons : to achieve greater economic and social cohesion , sustainable development , and geographically balanced competitiveness .
subject : amendment of the cmo in wine
as a result of these infringement procedures , the overall situation has improved. currently only two such cases are still open , but are about to be closed .
on behalf of the s & d group . - mr president , i thank the commissioner for his statement , which certainly reassures me .
i therefore hope that such assistance will also be provided to the italian regions severely affected by the recent floods , which brought local economies to their knees .
madam president , as an irish mep i am asking the eu to deal equitably with an impossible financial situation in ireland .
mr vermeer , can you confirm that the group of the european liberal , democratic and reform party withdraws those amendments ?
it is therefore necessary to amend the existing council regulation ( ec ) no 1543 / 2000 in order to prevent an overlap between the old and the new regulations .
the vast majority of the group of the european people 's party will therefore vote in favour of the proposal .
to conclude , i should like to thank the shadow rapporteurs for their work on this matter .
politicians ' satisfaction should be dependent on the satisfaction of the people .
i would also stress my conviction that the efficiency of border management will probably be improved by the adoption of common measures in the field of external border management .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , last december the commission adopted a plan to implement an incisive reform of the system for controlling concentrations .
( the president cut off the speaker )
the vote on this report will therefore be taken on tuesday , at 12 noon .
under the conditions provided for in the rules of procedure , i have received the following nominations for the office of president of the european parliament :
the objective is to strengthen the participation of european ngos in the development and implementation of eu environmental policy .
we shall proceed to the vote ( 1 ) .
the following questions are addressed to the commission :
mr president , in the first place i would like to congratulate mr macartney for his report and i am pleased to warmly welcome the conclusion of this protocol .
commissioner , thank you for your statement .
once again , i am anxious to curtail the philosophical , ideological and political elements of my answer .
the vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.
my question is this : does the commission intend to provide individual member states with tools that they can use to prevent such large-scale social security fraud ?
5. commemoration of 1956 hungarian uprising ( vote )
( the president cut the speaker off )
mr president , i thank all those who have spoken on my report. i should just like to clear up a few misunderstandings .
as regards content , we also consulted with the commission , which took a similar line to our own , and came to the conclusion that :
10. community programme for financial services , financial reporting and auditing (
against this background , it is a pity that we did not demonstrate greater understanding of homosexuality by showing the renowned exhibition entitled ecce homo in parliament 's premises .
secondly , the duty to inform must be improved. information should not be kept back on account of industrial secrets or the threat of terrorism. this is all too ridiculous .
mr alavanos , the commission has already started proceedings against greece , in accordance with article 169 of the treaty , because of the incorrect implementation of certain provisions of directive 89 / 552 .
we therefore welcome the initiative of setting up an international renewable energies agency to promote renewables outside europe as well .
i encourage montenegro to continue its constructive engagement in regional cooperation and in strengthening bilateral relations with neighbouring countries .
the next item is the commission statement on the ministerial meeting of the european space agency on 27 may 2003 .
it was precisely this point that was debated yesterday and the debate is closed .
the following questions are addressed to the council .
i am sure the european parliament would like to join me in congratulating you on the birth of your grandson today .
the next item is the statements by the council and the commission on combating hunger .
the joint debate is closed .
as the aim of bringing europe closer to the people seems to be the stated desire of an increasing number of politicians , this must now be put into practice .
mr swoboda , we quite agree. when we vote on these paragraphs , i shall ask if there are any objections to inserting them after paragraph 1 .
the ppe-de group has proposed that the two demetriou and cashman reports on the control of persons at the eu 's external borders be postponed to a subsequent sitting .
as far as i am concerned , i fully agree with some of the practical recommendations made in the report , but i do not share its optimistic views .
( nl ) madam president , commissioner , i would like to thank you for your reply .
the next item is the statement by the council and the commission on the european parliament 's annual report on human rights .
however , this agreement is contrary to this principle .
2. situation in the democratic republic of congo and rape as a war crime ( vote )
mr solana , as the rapporteur of the committee on foreign affairs , human rights , common security and defence policy , i shall limit my speech to those subjects .
remember , colleagues , that using sugar as raw material , brazil is the world ’ s ethanol superpower , with an interesting ownership of the sector – not all brazilian .
- before the vote on paragraph 1 :
madam president , the mcmillan-scott report provides a basis , it contains a few ambiguities , but i believe that with the amendments it will turn out to be a good resolution .
i would like to put a number of questions to the commissioner :
( the speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under rule 149 ( 8 ) )
we shall now proceed to the second part of this question time , during which commissioner fischler will respond .
secondly , we must also work together to ensure that agricultural products imported from the republic of turkey meet the same standards as those produced in the european union .
this is the reason for our abstention .
but we escaped a black day for democracy by the skin of our teeth .
i also support a united ukraine , a country that is both our partner and a powerful neighbour .
lastly , i must call for greater attention to be paid to eco-labelling , as a response , not least , to the dioxins in fisheries products alarm which has knocked consumer confidence .
– commissioner fischler , i do not believe that you wish to respond .
ending the individual opt-out will give protection to those workers who under the present directive face pressure to sign away their rights .
madam president , the agreement on the climate package is a modest result .
in the long term , they are undermining europe ’ s ability to maintain its position in the world , create lasting jobs and accrue the resources for a more equitable society .
better regulation - better law-making 2005 : , subsidiarity and proportionality - simplification of the regulatory environment - use of ' soft law ' ( debate )
i therefore ask , commissioner , that any transitions be made and ideas proposed from 2015 onwards .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11.30 a.m.
first of all , the reports need to be more precise. they need to provide a real insight into the actual scope of irregularities and fraud .
mr president , i should like to congratulate you once again , and to thank the commissioner .
the next item is the vote .
the commission can accept all the amendments. these amendments constitute a considerable improvement on the text of the common position .
from 3 to 5.30 p.m. : cashman report , angelilli report , then the commission statement on waste in the campania region ,
( the speaker agreed to take two blue-card questions from mr koumoutsakos and mr ransdorf under rule 149 ( 8 ) )
mrs de keyser 's amendment introduces a phrase which is universal in scope. it says ' in any democracy ' . the amendment is therefore intended to be universal in scope .
there are also two significant technical amendments , which have to do with the flexibility of managing the budget .
mr president , let me begin my thanking you and all the interpreters for your patience during this very long set of explanations of vote .
ladies and gentlemen , i have the honour and the pleasure of welcoming to the public gallery a delegation from the knesset , headed by its chairperson , mrs dayan .
nor can i recommend the council 's proposal that the eurozone countries be divided into three groups under a rotation system .
( the sitting was opened at 15.50 )
i have two requests to speak in relation to observance of the rules of procedure. mrs mcguinness has the floor first .
above all , we do not accept the immense hypocrisy which affects many of those within parliament and we strongly denounce the two-faced policy of the european union .
strategic goals and recommendations for the eu 's maritime transport policy until 2018 ( debate )
. – mr president , ladies and gentlemen , thank you for inviting me to discuss with you at this sitting the economic stability and growth pact .
the british conservatives support the oral question and resolution on the common organisations of the markets in sugar .
the commission is currently looking into how it can make further progress concerning the conditions for the cross-border provision of certain services .
according to my calculation , unless there are new members of the conservative party , the proportion of members from our side and their side are almost the same .
questions nos 59 to 115 will be replied to in writing .
modification of the definitions of ' product ' and ' safe product ' to clarify the scope of the directive , especially in regard to services ;
it has become increasingly common in recent years for airlines both inside and outside europe to form cartels which generally involve cooperation on code-sharing , departures , prices and services .
subject : labour camps and violation of workers ' rights
ladies and gentlemen , following that moment of respect in memory of the victims of auschwitz , the sitting is suspended .
the vote will take place tomorrow , thursday , at 11 a.m.
all shared information must indicate the stage of the proceedings affecting the person concerned and the database from which the information was obtained .
the vote will take place tomorrow , thursday , at 12 noon .
mr president , on behalf of the commission , i should like to offer my congratulations on the thorough and exhaustive work of the rapporteur , mr deprez .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the 2011 budget guidelines are the first step towards the next european budget , a very definite step .
emissions of pollutants from large combustion plants
the minutes of yesterday 's sitting have been distributed .
legislative process on the 3rd energy package ( debate )
geographical uniformity , which should permit a balance between all areas of the territory of member states , should also fall within the province of universal service .
the next item is the report by mr savary , on behalf of the committee on transport and tourism , on an action plan on urban mobility .
30. european public administrations isa : interoperability solutions (
i should like to thank you once again for all your contributions , remarks , debates and discussions. we will continue with our commitments and action plans .
neither should anyone expect to get good marks from mr borghezio. in fact , getting poor marks from mr borghezio is a good result .
for this reason , i vote for rejection of the commission 's proposal .
in conclusion , i should like to welcome the commission 's proposal on the euro-mediterranean parliamentary assembly. the role and democratic legitimacy of the latter should be reinforced .
as well as supporting africa financially , let us give africa the opportunity to make its own contribution in building its future and prosperity .
our objective must be to maintain , without wavering , our demands for full recognition of human rights in afghanistan .
paragraph 25 of this report contains a further increase in the funds already available to latin america .
for these reasons , i shall abstain in the final vote .
thank you very much , mr vitorino , for your replies this afternoon .
that concludes questions to the council .
it is therefore clear that small and medium-sized enterprises , particularly those that are innovative , offer considerable hope for economic growth and social progress in our internal market .
- ( lt ) recently we have observed a continuous increase in market demands for milk. such a situation restricts competitiveness and causes price increases .
mr president , i would like it to be recorded that i am present from now on and i will not take part in the vote .
therefore , we support the majority of the positions adopted here .
in that spirit , in all our common endeavours , let the european union and the united nations be beacons of hope for a better future for all mankind .
dismissing political questions out of hand , some of which are extremely important , makes life easier for the commission and the council .
it seems to me that , with regard to walloon regional power , the commission should consider such action .
the vote will take place on wednesday , at 12 noon .
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
unfortunately , the president of the court of auditors has once again reported that the community lost billions last year because individual administrative units failed to cooperate satisfactorily .
what action has the council taken on this issue , and what progress has been made during the austrian presidency ?
we therefore have no choice but to vote against the joint resolution .
( fr ) mr president , i welcome the future independence of southern sudan and i congratulate the southern sudanese people on having achieved it .
furthermore , member states must notify the commission of any restriction occurring on their territory and of the action undertaken by them .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
that is why my group rejects this report .
if you do not mind then ... thank you .
the minutes of the sitting of thursday , 30 january 2003 have been distributed .
( applause ) please return to your seats and listen to mr donnelly , the council and the commission without talking among yourselves .
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on 2 march 2000 .
mrs jiménez , baroness ashton , in order to arrive at a fair , sustainable and mutually acceptable solution , the referendum on self-determination needs to be held. let us make that possible .
the next item is the joint debate on the following two recommendations for second reading , on behalf of the committee on economic and monetary affairs and industrial policy :
( b5-0554 / 2003 ) by bastiaan belder , on behalf of the edd group , on georgia : presidential and parliamentary elections ;
we have many social problems , but we are completely determined to overcome them .
we now adjourn the sitting until the beginning of the vote at 5.30 p.m.
... cost eur 65 million. that is peanuts in a budget of 90 billion , a mere 0.072 % .
( speech shortened under rule 137 of the rules of procedure )
( the sitting was suspended at 12.55 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
the financial regulation should make for clarity , transparency and comprehensibility in the implementation of the budget. that is the only way we shall get the citizens to accept it !
as mrs hazan cannot be with us , her report has been taken over by mr poignant .
the european commission is in a position to accept the compromise bundles of proposals in their entirety , in order to reach agreement at first reading on both regulations .
the oral question by pervenche berès , on behalf of the committee on economic and monetary affairs , to the commission , on further convergence in supervisory practices at eu level b6-0449 / 2006 ) .
( the president declared the amended common position approved )
the vote will take place during the second october part-session .
mr president , i would like to reaffirm what my colleague , manuel medina , has just said .
when will the commission appoint a special envoy for tibet ?
i declare the session of the european parliament adjourned .
in view of these considerations , i voted against the report .
i have received six motions for resolutions pursuant to rule 37 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
we need to make a new start – it is the only thing that can help europe in this situation !
mr goebbels argued powerfully for hydrogen transformation and urged greater transparency – a point i have already addressed .
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on thursday , 24 october 2002 .
i thank the commissioner for his response .
madam president , i have three short observations to make on the software patents directive .
here is the result of the ballot for the election of the president .
the next item is the vote .
the minutes of the sitting of thursday 30 november 2006 have been distributed .
as for tourism – which was also mentioned – exchanges would be facilitated by extending the visa waiver programme to all our member states .
mr president , i need no lessons in politics from meps who have been reported as singing a horst wessel song in the past .
. mr president , there are no substantive points that the committee wanted to make on the substance of this debate .
i have received one motion for resolution from the committee on the environment , public health and consumer policy pursuant to rule 42 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure .
we shall support mrs miguélez ramos ’ report , because we believe there is an urgent need to adopt all possible measures to prevent further disasters like the one involving the .
i have just said that such questions must be put at the appropriate time .
the commission can accept amendment 6 .
a number of amendments suggest that very small trace amounts of unauthorised gmos and gm material should not be accepted in food or feed .
the commission can accept the following amendments as part of the compromise package : 3 ( 1 ) , 6 , 9 , 11 , 15 , 16 , 17 , 18 , 23 , 32 ( 2 ) , 37 and 39 .
( explanation of vote abbreviated in accordance with rule 170 of the rules of procedure )
that is why and where economic governance was needed. its absence exaggerated both the development advantages of certain member states and the development drawbacks of others .
it is only by helping the entrepreneurs , the wealth-creators , in these countries that we can take these countries out of long-term poverty .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , we return , then , to the subject of the bananas com .
1 ) to maintain controls at internal borders in order to ensure member states accept responsibility ;
institutional aspects of regulatory agencies ( short presentation )
thirdly , the adaptation of rules for participating in new challenges will enable , for instance , greater participation by small and medium-sized enterprises ( smes ) , and by young researchers in research projects .
self-evidently none of these were points of order , but they reflect the deep concern of colleagues and so i was prepared to take them .
i hope that the council will hear our message so as to end the deception and protect everyone ' s health as best it can .
5. optional protocol to the un convention on the rights of persons with disabilities (
in writing . - british conservatives support the broad thrust of the medina ortega report , which sets clear boundaries on the promotion and use of community law .
i have received seven motions for resolutions pursuant to rule 40 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure .
member of the commission. mr president , honourable members , we are here tonight to debate an issue of fundamental importance : rights .
the mixing of police , security and intelligence forces , which could lead to abuse of powers against the citizens , as has been seen recently in ireland ;
may i remind you that demonstrations in the public gallery are prohibited .
2. direct support schemes under the cap (
– madam president , this is a sad and tragic day for the new member states , which are suffering yet more discrimination .
mr president , i too voted against this ludicrous proposal of an agency in respect of human rights in the eu .
in my view , these amendments will make the directive far more workable and more acceptable to temporary workers , agencies and user companies .
this parliament and public opinion throughout europe are following with emotion the efforts being made to achieve peace and democratic normality in that european region .
the rio summit had the merit of introducing this new bi-regional approach , which has undoubtedly added weight to relations between the european union and the sub-regions and individual countries .
status of elected meps in poland ( debate )
we should not forget what development actually means : it is taking people out of poverty , and we can achieve this by encouraging entrepreneurs to create wealth and jobs .
subject : long-term aid to combat child sex tourism ecpat is an organisation working to combat sexual exploitation of children , particularly in countries where european travel companies operate .
the next item is the continuation of the joint debate on two reports on behalf of the committee on economic and monetary affairs , by mr trentin and mr marinos .
19. strategy for the future settlement of the institutional aspects of regulatory agencies (
consequently , it is the duty of legislators to ensure that this tool of the freedom of expression does not become a dangerous medium for minors .
i shall continue in french in order to show that indeed we must have a common stance .
the vote will be taken at 6 p.m.
as they deal with the same subject , questions nos 39 and 40 will be taken together .
strategic partnerships for combating climate change must include ngos and civil society .
a complete ban on all fragrant substances would be a disproportionate measure and would have a negative impact on certain toy manufacturers .
( de ) mr president , may i ask that the heating be kept on until the end of the sitting , as it is too cold in the house .
we shall check that and include your name .
it is essential that any future updating of the list of diseases should only take place after the consent of the european parliament and the council has been obtained .
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on 11 april 1997 .
the following questions are addressed to the commission .
we have faith in you , but have no doubt that we will also fulfil our duty as legislator under the partnership that you will propose .
b5-0465 / 2001 by marie-arlette carlotti and others , on behalf of the pse group , on presidential elections in chad ;
that is why i am protesting against such measures here , and this protest will continue both in portugal and in the eu .
– mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i would like to start with warm thanks to our rapporteur for his good report and also for his constructive cooperation .
there is no point in you interrupting because i do not understand you. i do not understand your language. there is no point. i do not understand it !
this is certainly not the case for the almost 70 , 000 frontier workers employed in luxembourg .
4. fourth united nations conference on the least developed countries (
- maintaining the eligibility of regional disasters in the solidarity fund ; and
member of the commission . - mr president , i understand members ' concerns about the acta negotiations .
ladies and gentlemen , i wish you a merry christmas in a europe that is not yet entirely disciplinary in nature .
all we can do is to suggest a few improvements such as :
( bg ) the delegation of the ataka party voted against the so-called report on turkey 's progress because we do not see what this progress might involve .
the dangerous relocation of undertakings to countries with minimal social and environmental legislation is strengthened with the adoption of the directive .
subject : turkish threats over installation of missiles on cyprus
i shall now give the floor to mr watson , the chairman of the committee on citizens ' freedoms and rights , justice and home affairs .
mr crowley has the floor on a point of order .
i look forward to further debate on these questions , being parliament 's rapporteur on the rapid reaction facility that we will be dealing with later in the year .
we voted against this report firstly because it lacks a purpose : the treaty of lisbon does not exist ; it was rejected by three referendums .
mr president , i wish to make a personal statement as my name has been mentioned .
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on thursday 9 june 2005 .
ladies and gentlemen , the next item is question time , during which we will examine questions to the council .
the next item is the debate on the five motions for resolutions on humanitarian assistance to refugees from western sahara ( 1 ) .
legislative and work programme of the commission for 2007 ( debate )
in fact , what we are talking about here is a fundamental proposal and what we are proposing is the european model .
as we all know , mr president , migration and movements of people cannot be stopped. let us guarantee respect for the rights of migrants .
i am sure that mr lange will be delighted to know that he looks like clark gable .
i declare this session of the european parliament adjourned .
' observes that the 2007 decreases in reported aid levels are due in some cases to the artificial boosting of figures in 2006 by debt relief ; ... ' ;
thank you mr cox. i respect the remarks you made and can assure you that they will be recorded in the minutes .
thank you very much , mr vitorino .
mr díaz de mera garcía consuegra , you have the floor on the basis of rule 145 .
for this reason , i welcome this proposal , which i consider to be very important and which will ensure greater safety in transport .
we reject imperialist plans for the middle east and stand side by side with the palestinian people and all the peoples in their struggle .
the statement by the president-in-office of the council , summing up the swedish presidency .
( mrs roth presented mr hänsch with a bouquet )
i therefore feel that i cannot support this proposal by parliament .
. i voted against the proposal on data retention .
( the sitting was closed at 11.28 p.m. )
thank you for your contribution , mr tajani. we will duly take note of what you have said .
( interruption from mr cohn-bendit : ' yes , but he might not have a seat ' )
( the sitting was closed at 7.45 p.m. )
commissioner , you know that unfair competition on the part of korea has been proven. the commission has been there and has seen it .
now , let me comment one by one on the amendments proposed .
i therefore believe that the tsatsos report is an essential report for the subsequent development of european parties , something that we are wholeheartedly in favour of .
the meaning can sometimes vary , depending on the language. mr yiannitsis may reply if he wishes to do so .
according to legal opinion , a limited amendment to the treaty is needed to ensure that the european stability mechanism is within the european union institutional framework .
my second point is that there has also been precious little effort made to approximate the legal provisions on the intellectual property front , i.e. with regard to copyright .
do you have any proposal to make ?
- joint motion for a resolution
development problems and structural operations in france under objectives 1 and 2
you will not create europeans by spending public money. not all the gold in all our national treasuries put together can serve to convince people of a false idea .
disparities between men and women have of course always existed , although some societies have demonstrated greater civility than others .
( explanation of vote abbreviated in accordance with rule 137 , paragraph 1 , of the rules of procedure )
be that as it may , what lessons will be learnt from the short period in which the court has been in existence ?
that concludes the explanations of vote .
( the house rose and observed a minute ' s silence )
rapporteur . - mr president , i should also like to thank the shadow rapporteurs for their serious interest and commitment , and all those who have contributed to this report .
we deeply regret that the european parliament has not taken firmer action .
debates on cases of breaches of human rights , democracy and the rule of law ( announcement of motions for resolutions tabled ) : see minutes
this report contains a large number of specific proposals on the renegotiation of this agreement - more commonly known as the cotonou agreement - which i support .
whoever is responsible , it is totally unacceptable , utterly and totally unacceptable , that initially paragraph 3 of the text set israel and hamas on an equal footing .
madam president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , that concludes the comments i wished to make in order to wind up this debate .
on behalf of the uen group . - mr president , i welcome the contents of this report today , which supports the broader development of trans-european road networks in europe .
major natural disaster in the autonomous region of madeira and effects of storm xynthia in europe ( motions for resolutions tabled ) : see minutes
i am convinced that the compromise reached is the most effective one , primarily because it ensures parliament 's independence in carrying out its monitoring function .
12. hedge funds and private equity (
. i feel that equality between men and women is of the utmost importance , and have always condemned sex discrimination .
the portuguese social democrat meps thus support the roth-berendt report .
with this report on multilingualism , europe is implementing an ' anti-tower of babel ' project , insofar as it intends to promote and develop minority languages .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
control by member states of the commission 's exercise of implementing powers ( debate )
i have been asked for leave to speak , but there will be no debate thereafter .
madam president , i think anyone reading page 6 of the minutes might get the wrong impression from the juxtaposition of my speech and mr vander taelen ' s .
secondly , this agreement is positive because it brings with it economic , social , environmental and also geopolitical advantages for china and the world in general , especially the european union .
since the author is not present , question no 47 lapses .
the key to an enlarged union 's ability to act is the willingness to accept majority decisions in as many areas as possible .
question no 51 by maj theorin ( h-0430 / 98 )
13. european refugee fund ( 2008-2013 ) ( vote )
as the author is not present , question no 60 lapses .
request for urgent procedure : see minutes
subject : external service of the european union and immigration policy
( statement of vote abbreviated in accordance with rule 137 ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure )
i want to thank the rapporteur and the shadow rapporteurs for their excellent cooperation .
for these reasons , the adoption of this document is only one step in the long , hard fight which must continue if we are to end human trafficking .
i only regret the failure to reach any agreement at the g20 with regard to the global fight against climate change .
mr president , i now want to mention a number of factors which i consider important :
the vote will take place at 3 p.m.
the european council is changing its presidency but liberalism is still in control .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 9.00 a.m.
we are confident that a mutually convenient agreement will soon be found , hopefully under the chairmanship of the polish parliament during the second half of this year .
the court of auditors also found that the relevant financial regulations had been infringed .
i think that it is extremely important for a clear , complete definition to be found for aerodromes which come under the provisions of this regulation .
agenda for next sitting : see minutes
we believe that we deserve a world of software , a world of enterprise , a world for consumers , that is open to true innovation .
on behalf of the gue / ngl group . - ( nl ) mr president , during this part-session , two questions came up with regard to collective passenger transport .
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
prudential assessment of acquisitions and increase of shareholdings ( debate )
if incomes are no longer exposed to the risk of currency fluctuations within the euro zone , i believe that will improve security on the internal and third-country markets .
question no 20 by clive needle ( h-0899 / 96 )
in this context , the use of tax exemptions in high-employability sectors ( public works , services , hotel and catering trade , etc . ) should be integrated into the european social model .
on the other hand , information and ict technologies must support the right to common , public education for all , which is of a high level and good quality .
a very good afternoon to you , ladies and gentlemen .
the vote will be taken tomorrow at 12 noon .
incidentally , i found it amusing that england beat holland 4-1 this evening , but four dutchmen spoke after mr barton , so that redressed the balance .
great britain and ireland will not be applying the provisions of the current regulation because the schengen acquis does not apply to them .
the vote will be tomorrow at12 noon .
– mr president , my political group will not be voting in favour of the brok report , mainly for the following reasons :
mr president , mr president-in-office of the council , i would like to add my voice to the messages of condolence and thanks to the honourable members .
proposal for a council decision establishing for the period 2007-2013 the specific programme ' criminal justice ' as part of the general programme ' fundamental rights and justice ' - c6-0237 / 2005 -
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the amendment to the 2002 budget also contains a number of administrative expenses , which i will disregard .
colleagues , the proposal now is " regional and lesser-used languages in the european union " .
the commission can accept amendments 1 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 , 11 , 12 , 13 ,
i voted for the report by my colleague , mrs liotard ( gue / ngl / netherlands ) , on regulations for authorising the marketing of novel foods .
subject : measures to improve the energy efficiency of buildings
we believe that it does not strike the necessary balance between protecting workers ' health , protecting the environment and industrial development .
finally , i would like to agree with the comments of mr savary at the beginning of the debate .
mr rübig has the floor on a point of order .
. the commission would like to begin by thanking mrs mckenna for her report and for the work that has been carried out on this topic .
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , i have absolutely no doubt that we shall all be true to those guiding principles i referred to : responsibility , transparency and honesty .
annex i to the luxembourg presidency 's conclusions of 22-23 march 2005 sets out the european youth pact which proposes three lines of action .
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see minutes
today i raise this matter and put the british government on notice that it cannot hide the truth from the finucane family or the european parliament for much longer .
i declare the session of the european parliament adjourned .
no , not everyone , but the majority !
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
could the commission inform me of what initiatives it has undertaken to ensure that the taste of slavery is irradicated from the european diet ?
mr posselt , i can only say that the committee decided on a procedure without report , and so there was no reason to hold a discussion at the part-session .
is the commission planning to undertake this exercise in all acp countries now that all countries are part of the analytical fast track ?
you can tell from the applause , mr president , just how much your intervention was appreciated. thank you very much .
we can see that energy is a central challenge , and i would ask the commissioner to properly address this issue at the summit .
the next item is the joint debate on the following :
energy statistics are like the steel rods holding up a building : you cannot see them from the outside but without them the whole building collapses .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
i welcome the minister to the house. i hope he is enjoying the experience .
that being the case , how can immediate or even staged liberalization be accepted , which would inevitably bring with it its load of redundancies and exclusion ?
( b5-0203 / 2002 ) by mr marchiani , on behalf of the uen group , on the channel tunnel ;
( the president cut off the speaker )
agenda for next sitting : see minutes
believe and dare ! you have dared. i think the vision you have now developed particularly clearly in the communication before us is obviously a step in the right direction .
i urge you to be flexible between now and when the vote is taken , mr hatzidakis .
i would be grateful , in light of this terrible rail disaster , if you would do that .
the vote will take place on wednesday at 12 noon .
the commission has provided assistance to help preserve the palestinian presence in east jerusalem and is committed to continuing this support .
yesterday ' s minutes have been distributed .
we in the european parliament appointed an officer to liaise with it , mr dermot scott. he took up his position in february .
7. innovation union : transforming europe for a post-crisis world (
- ( de ) madam president , i fully understand that often it is not possible to allow everyone to speak under the ' catch the eye ' procedure .
the concerns expressed about budgetary intervention are quite understandable when , with the single currency , countries will cease to be able to intervene in monetary and exchange procedures .
( hu ) in other words , our hungarian constitution does commemorate 1956 ; the constitution is based on these foundations .
madam president , i have read the report by my fellow member mrs oomen-ruijten with great interest and respect , and i congratulate her .
b5-0782 / 2000 , by mr haarbyr , on behalf of the group of the european liberal , democrat and reform party , on macedonia : law on higher education and universities ;
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
these measures benefit all types of regions in europe , also those with a peripheral location .
the vote will take place on tuesday at 12 noon .
amendments nos 22 , 23 , 24 and 27 proposed increased burdens , but we do not think that they make a commensurate contribution to safety .
b5-0262 / 2001 by mr seguro and mr naïr on behalf of the pse group ;
with regard to slovenia , it seems to me that this country is preparing itself seriously and so all the conditions are present for important and serious negotiations to commence .
mr president , i have asked for these five minutes to speak today on the roure report on behalf of my group , the group of the european people ' s party .
in this context , the ppe-de will , of course , vote in favour of the hernández mollar report .
2. labelling of tyres with respect to fuel efficiency (
( the sitting was closed at 23 : 40 )
there is a need for wording of this kind .
to conclude i would like to thank european parliament for the detailed consideration it has given to this proposal and for the many helpful amendments which have been contributed .
the next item is the joint debate on :
second : the accidental occurrence of contradictions in interventions by different countries on issues affecting the interests of the european union .
. i welcome this report on approximating civil procedural law in the eu , aimed at harmonising the entire body of private international law relating to contractual obligations .
mr posselt has the floor for a point of order .
i agree with the proposed derogations aimed at taking on board the specific nature of the payment systems in the different member states .
( the sitting was suspended at 11.56 a.m. and resumed at 12.02 p.m. )
commissioner vitorino has the political support of this house. we genuinely await his proposals with great interest .
we must assure that implementation is uniform throughout , especially as regards the water framework directive .
the next item is the statement by the commission on the results of the internet governance forum held in rio de janeiro last november .
b5-0343 / 2003 by mrs j. van den berg , on behalf of the group of the party of european socialists , on the elections in cambodia ;
the commission welcomes the deletion of the non-exhaustive list of examples in the recitals , which considerably improves the drafting of the legislative act .
the june list has therefore voted against the report .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
( nl ) i should like to discuss the transport aspect. i believe that , along with the energy issue , transport is actually the toughest of the climate-change challenges .
the other is the specific question of whether one or more member states had mentioned this point in the council , or if that will happen only in luxemburg .
. ( fr ) - we voted for all the amendments which seek to extend protection and provide greater rights for refugees , and likewise for the report as amended .
the vote will take place on thursday at 12.00 noon .
– the debate is closed .
5. the european ombudman 's activities ( 2008 ) (
setting up a single access point with regard to preparatory documents .
( the president cut off mrs lulling )
( fi ) mr president , i wish to thank the rapporteur , mr lewandowski , for doing an excellent job , and i would like to focus attention on a few points .
however , we are not convinced that one form of discrimination should be countered with another form of discrimination , namely the introduction of quotas to guarantee women elected places .
– mrs stenzel , what you are saying does not pertain to observations on the minutes of yesterday ’ s , that is the previous , sitting .
thank you , mr van den broek .
mr president , i would like to hear the opinion of the commission on the amendments which we have just adopted .
thank you for that comment , mr samland. i think the commissioner has taken it on board , and the bureau will ensure that the point is passed on once again .
there has also been talk of the social integration of immigrants. is that possible with the current treaties ? no .
i have not read this morning ' s papers yet , but i believe i can make a sincere case to promote french beef in general .
the company can win only if it understands the project as a joint one shared between management and workers , if it seeks this dialogue and continues with it .
devoting more attention to youth empowerment in eu policies ( written declaration ) : see minutes
i have taken the floor to support the interest raised by this issue , namely providing support to developing countries to prevent and combat the h1n1 influenza pandemic .
1. the humanitarian situation of iraqi refugees
this is a strategic sector for a state 's economy and functioning , and it should be sovereign in defining its energy policies .
mr president , mr borloo , mr piebalgs , mr dimas , ladies and gentlemen .
( the president cut the speaker off )
as a member of the committee on budgets , i am appalled to see almost the whole committee , except for me , approve all of these requests for transfers .
in writing . - whilst we favour cooperation between member states on these issues , we believe this matter should remain one of subsidiarity and not subject to eu action .
i shall begin with the initiative on the creation of the european aviation safety agency. i should also like to congratulate mr schmitt , of course , on his work .
first , we welcome the extension of the codecision procedure to the common development policy and we regard this as being a positive innovation of the amsterdam treaty .
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
to know our history is the antidote to falling into the same trap twice .
the policy of isolation of gaza has failed , radicalising the population who have been its first victim .
i declare open the 2006-2007 session of the european parliament .
( sk ) the european union has extensive legislation on migration policy. we have the geneva conventions , the dublin convention , several regulations and a large number of directives .
some envisaged improvements are already at an advanced stage towards becoming concrete actions , as is notably the case of the revision of the toy safety directive .
i believe that the report goes precisely in the direction of the commission 's intended goals , and i welcome the support it gives to the commission 's proposal in those regards .
financial speculation is a major factor behind rising prices and the world food crisis. the commodities market in particular is attracting growing interest from investment funds .
the next item is the commission statement on the world social forum and the world economic forum .
in writing . - ( lt ) the establishment of the joint motion for the coordination of artistic studies at european level is important .
i have received one motion for a resolution tabled in accordance with rule 108 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure .
' simple ' - if the disease does not kill the fisheries sector , the ' cure ' will .
the mai was an instrument that aimed to remove even the minimal residual risk from this speculation , and to undermine the remaining sovereignty of the nation states .
i have received six motions for resolutions tabled in accordance with rule 110 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
( 13376 / 1 / 2005 c6-0090 / 2006 2000 / 0069 ( cod ) ) ( rapporteur : ulrich stockmann ) ( a6-0212 / 2006 ) .
( the sitting was closed at 11.45 p.m. )
mr president , the french and swedish initiative on cooperation between national bodies in the fields of juvenile delinquency , crime and drugs is a follow-up to the tampere summit .
i am not entirely happy about this amendment but i am still willing to accept it so that we can get the report through .
the next item is the debate on six motions for a resolution on somalia .
the barzanti report seems to us , however , to be an important advance in this direction , with which we completely agree .
' difficult ' indeed , sir. no wonder that this causes disquiet throughout the community and let us ask the commission to give it its full attention .
b5-0449 / 2001 by bob van den bos , on behalf of the eldr group , on the presidential elections in chad ;
the next item is the joint debate on the following oral questions :
my group , the ecr , supports the venezuelan people in their efforts to bring genuine democracy to that country .
mr president , i must just say something very quickly , not to comment on the debate , but to give mr herzog some information .
the vote will take place shortly .
( parliament approved the first request and rejected the second . )
guidance programmes for the fishing fleets
broadly speaking , we welcome this proposal on the liability of carriers of passengers by sea .
member of the commission . - mr president , i appreciate this opportunity to participate once again in this comprehensive debate on foreign and security policy matters .
b5-0852 / 2000 by mr ford and others , on behalf of the group of the party of european socialists ;
question no 34 by manuel medina ortega ( h-0440 / 03 ) :
the next item is the commission statement on the financing of the nuclear sector in the context of the programme for nuclear weapons .
the vote will take place tomorrow .
the beneficiaries of these new rules should , ultimately , be air transport users , and i am delighted about that .
composition of committees and delegations : see minutes
1. pakistan - murder of shahbaz bhatti , minister for minorities
we also need to bridge the gap between ourselves , the us and japan. i think we should heed the words of the research commissioner , mrs geoghegan-quinn .
mr hallam , you have raised a delicate point which has in fact been considered by the conference of presidents .
mr president , mr president-in-office of the council , commissioner , i am speaking as draftsman of the opinion of this parliament ' s committee on regional policy , transport and tourism .
the debate on the portuguese presidency is closed .
i can now tell you that mrs patsy sörensen , mr dieter-lebrecht kock , mr giuseppe nisticò , mr reinhard rack , mr ilkka suominen and mrs alima boumediene-thiery have been appointed tellers .
the committee on culture and education has been very precise in mapping out the issue of product placement , and i therefore support its amendment .
( the sitting was suspended at 7.30 p.m. and resumed at 9 p.m. )
finally , the 60 % compensation scheme is equivalent to full compensation and the commissioner should keep reiterating that .
- the report by reimer böge , on behalf of the committee on budgets , on the institutional agreement on budgetary discipline and sound financial management [ 2004 / 2099 ( aci ) ] ( a6-0150 / 2006 ) , and
the summit will also look at a progress report on the energy dialogue , which moved into a more concrete phase at the brussels summit last october .
the next item is the report by costas botopoulos , on behalf of the committee on constitutional affairs , on amendment of rule 121 of parliament 's rules of procedure .
the following questions are addressed to the council .
it certainly does not question the liberalisation processes agreed upon by the lisbon and barcelona european councils ;
mr knolle , we are going to contact the competent departments to ensure that the instructions have been applied .
( the sitting opened at 9.40 a.m. )
the 2002 global legislation of the un social and economic council , the general harmonised system , is being transposed into community law .
second , we need more consistent application of the vat rules on financial services and a more level playing field in the internal market .
europe needs , then , to find development opportunities where it can be competitive and sustainable , where it has comparative advantages with economic potential. that is the case of tourism .
manufacture , presentation and sale of tobacco products
( the sitting was closed at 11.25 p.m. )
the vote will take place tomorrow , 12 march 2009 .
the next item is the debate on the commission statement on the second united nations world assembly on ageing ( madrid , 8 to 12 april 2002 ) .
the next item is the report by mr scottà , on behalf of the committee on agriculture and rural development , on agricultural product quality policy : what strategy to follow ?
research programmes are recommended which offer solutions and not just diagnoses and classifications , as has been the case until now .
we shall now proceed to the establishment of the order of business .
as you are aware , over the last two years , georgia has been through very difficult times , both externally and internally .
thank you very much , mr maccormick .
modification of rule 141 of the rules of procedure
mr president , i would like to thank the three members of parliament for their contributions .
subject : death of semira adamu in belgium
furthermore , it is essential for funding to be equal to developments .
4. concentration and pluralism in the media in the european union (
rapporteur . - madam president , i am pleased to be able to present this report endorsing estonia 's application to join the eurozone .
will the council address this matter within the scope of its cfsp remit so that these events can be fully clarified ?
energy efficiency labelling for office equipment
do we have to go along with this forced equality obtained through compulsory , discriminatory and minority-focused quotas ?
we really cannot spend any more time on this matter .
my second question is : is the council aware that arms from eu member states are also being used in this conflict ?
because , if it is allowed , i should just like to put the european flag here today , if i may do so .
this is a sentence that was already in the report that our three colleagues , who visited the region , recently gave to us .
b5-0614 / 2000 by baroness nicholson of winterbourne , on behalf of the group of the europe liberal , democrat and reform party , on iraq ;
the principle of budgetary clarity is a basic principle of parliamentary and democratic responsibility .
( parliament rejected the request for urgent procedure )
madam president , commissioner barnier ' s speech has confirmed how close the positions of the commission and parliament are .
i abstained from voting in the final vote .
the economic recovery that all europeans are impatiently waiting for is based on a financial sector which is healthy and sound , precisely because it is adequately regulated and supervised .
mr president , i must apologise for my absence earlier. i had notified the services that i would be temporarily unavailable .
( fr ) i am delighted that rail passengers are finally going to have rights , particularly in relation to compensation , information and facilities for persons with reduced mobility .
21. request for waiver of the immunity of mr marek siwiec (
i shall focus on the points that are of concern to the committee on foreign affairs .
what specific proposals does the portuguese presidency intend to put forward to achieve 3 % investment in innovation ?
can the commission promise that this unique and innovative project will continue to receive support ?
the commission can accept 5 amendments in full : 10 , 13 , 24 , 28 and 29 .
romania supports the conclusion of a round providing balance on the entire package , as well as inside each sector , such as : agriculture and industrial products .
exempted uses of ods where no technically or economically viable alternatives are yet available , for example , methyl bromide for quarantine and pre-shipment purposes .
the next item is the commission statement on childcare facilities - barcelona objectives .
first of all , what does ' a reasonable time ' mean ? we must take care to ensure that the term ' reasonable ' does not put patients ' needs at risk .
the waddington , pack , de coene and castagnetti reports on work-linked training and apprenticeship , life-long learning , transnational education , guest teachers and so on contain a number of fine proposals .
so let us follow the french. bury this unworkable time directive once again and for all .
( the sitting was closed at 12.45 p.m. )
the text ‘ formally to parliament ’ is therefore added. i believe that that is going to improve our relations with the commission .
my second point is that we expect more from the soul of europe , and so future budgets need to take more account of education and culture .
can the commissioner tell us what stage we have reached and , if possible , which languages will be included in the next stage ?
it was for all these reasons and many others that i voted against the garcía pérez report .
the item shall be delivered within 30 days. if it is not delivered within this period , the purchaser has the right to cancel the order ;
( the president cut off the speaker )
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 am .
funds are also needed and i regret that of every one hundred euros budgeted for in the financial perspective just fifty cents are allocated to immigration issues .
– mr president , i can say that my group and i hold mrs figueiredo ’ s report in very high regard .
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see minutes
commissioner , i share your care and concern to improve the system and you have our support .
i would like to thank everyone and especially the rapporteurs mrs gurmai and mr lamassoure for their excellent work .
b5-0520 / 2001 by mr lipietz and mr nogueira román , on behalf of the group of the greens / european free alliance , on the earthquake in peru .
mr dupuis has the floor on a point of order. you have one minute .
certainly one of the key results of this new broader eu policy has been the broadening of powers to europol .
this national forestry plan is very important and is central to the kyoto protocol. however , farmers will also be protected and this is very important indeed .
specifically on the two issues where i think we can most cooperate : on proliferation , number one ; and secondly with regard to the financial crisis .
- the commission rejects the following amendments : and
on the issue of the trade deal , i would ask that you address that particular question and the likelihood of same .
mr president , i would like to begin by congratulating the other two rapporteurs in this joint debate , mr jarzembowski and mrs langenhagen .
since mrs mccarthy ' s flight has been delayed slightly , i propose that we hear from mr decourrière first .
i would like the commission to give a clear answer as to what the terms of their proposal will be .
finally , the funding must be additional. it must not replace other public or private sources of finance .
( the matter was referred back to the committee responsible )
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
in the same vein , i feel it is essential to adopt the charter on renewable energy as soon as possible .
5. trade and economic relations with western balkans (
( applause from the centre and left )
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , tunisia has undertaken , within the framework of its association agreement with the european union , to respect human rights and democratic principles .
the next item is the report by mr baudis , on behalf of the committee on foreign affairs , on european union relations with the gulf cooperation council .
subject : developments in the negotiations on the ban on anti-personnel mines
. thank you for providing us with those detailed observations concerning economic growth in the turkish cypriot community .
could the commission also confirm whether national parliament ratification of the agreement will be necessary and what the timetable and procedure would be in this case ?
protection of geographical indications and designations of origin
the next item is the commission statement on the eu-canada summit which will take place in ottawa on 17 december 2003 .
( parliament agreed to vote electronically ) president. the next item is the election of the quaestors .
i conclude that this is much the same thing as is happening with the draft european constitution. elections are the beginning of wisdom .
2. situation of the roma people in europe ( vote )
the group of the european radical alliance therefore supports the lage report .
however , speaking in the current economic and financial circumstances , we believe that there are other priorities which are more pressing and important for the eu to deal with .
the next item is the report by mr malangré ( a4-0234 / 99 ) on behalf of the committee on legal affairs and citizens ' rights on insolvency practices .
a motion for a resolution to wind up the debate has been tabled under rule 108 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure .
we can , of course , deplore the fact that this rich country - the leading oil-exporting country in africa - is unable to invest this wealth to combat poverty .
i therefore call on my fellow members to sign an appeal for her release .
question no 44 by bernie malone ( h-0209 / 99 )
president-in-office of the council . - ( fr ) it is true that youth unemployment remains very high , although on average the situation within the union has improved over recent years .
for amendments and joint motions for a resolution , monday , 10 december at 7 p.m.
i am delighted about the fact .
these are all very interesting political games but the procedure is that we hold the debate and vote afterwards. we do not hold a debate during the vote .
the next item is voting time .
. the rapporteur ’ s endeavours in this apparent ‘ mission impossible ’ to give words their real meanings is worthy of praise .
has the council adopted a stance regarding the proposed peace plan ?
i would like to offer my most sincere thanks to the rapporteur. we worked extremely well together and we have taken a very important step forward on this issue .
i would also like to mention that the international committee for the rights of sex workers recently demanded social security rights and legalisation across the eu .
based on the compromise reached , i understand that the rapporteur has tabled amendments which the commission can accept and thereby facilitate closure in first reading .
mr president , let us remember that egypt is one of the great ancient civilisations. it has always been a pillar of culture and progress since ancient days .
in a number of aspects these desires were satisfied , and i will now mention the most significant of these .
member of the commission . - mr president , today 's debate provides a very good opportunity to review the accession process in the three candidate countries .
the next item is voting time .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
in conclusion , i urge all members to support this and to give more hope for the future of the european union .
( the president cut off the speaker )
and this is just the commission ' s text which is the most moderate. the european parliament report adds to this in all respects .
as far as the commission 's proposals for 1999 are concerned , we consider the following to be signs of progress :
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i look forward to hearing your views and will respond to any comments or questions you might like to put to me .
i believe that the recommendation of the employment and social affairs committee on access to training provides an action plan and some new ideas to make progress a reality .
that is why i am confident that the irish people , when this is explained to them properly in the coming months , will guarantee that we will ratify this treaty .
mr podestà , do you now wish to make a request to refer back , or are you satisfied that this should be dealt with today in committee ?
that concludes the voting , and we shall now proceed to the explanations of vote .
19 . 2009 discharge : european agency for safety and health at work (
thank you for that thorough answer , commissioner , even if it has rather disrupted our timetable .
mr president , i should first of all like to congratulate mr hutchinson on his excellent report .
madam president , i refer to the vote on paragraph 21 , not the proposed amendment .
my thanks go to parliament , mr fava and the libe committee .
some germans , for whom there is no transition period , are continuing to pay in deutschmarks even though this currency ceased to be legal tender on 1 january .
i am satisfied to co-sign on behalf of the confederal group of the european united left / nordic green left and i ask my colleagues to vote in favour .
with the exception of the kyrgyz republic , developments in the central asia region are alarming for more than one reason .
i want to draw particular attention to three points raised in mr van velzen 's excellent report .
since the time allotted to questions to the commission has elapsed , questions nos 62 to 113 will be answered in writing .
the swedish presidency has helped to address the crisis and has made europe stronger , allowing it to continue to forge a path of peace , success and modernity .
this is a welcome decision and a positive contribution towards protecting children in particular and public health as a whole .
declaration of financial interests : see minutes
the vote will take place at midday tomorrow ( wednesday , 16 february 2011 ) .
i am firmly convinced of that .
( sv ) mr president , like everyone else , i would like to thank prime minister reinfeldt for coming here .
( it ) madam president , ladies and gentlemen , i was only too happy to follow this debate this morning .
as we do not support patents in general , not just those on information technology , we voted against the proposal contained in the mccarthy report .
it is right to challenge local authorities and public bodies to lead in sustainable , clean transport. public procurement should be based on sustainability .
i believe that the issue should be studied by the committee on constitutional affairs and i am sure that commissioner vitorino will pay it the attention it deserves .
counter-terrorism must remain a national responsibility and a matter of international cooperation. the eu should be concentrating on ways in which it can support that nationally-delivered counter-terrorism effort .
thank you , ladies and gentlemen , for making your own contribution to peace by supporting this resolution .
organisation of the working time of persons performing mobile road transport activities ( debate )
it then says , ‘ the union shall mobilise all the instruments at its disposal , including the military resources made available by the member states , to :
the deadline for tabling amendments to these dates is 8.30 p.m. this evening , which gives an extra half an hour for the political groups to discuss it .
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , i voted in favour of the report by mr belder on trade and economic relations with the western balkans .
subject : young people in precarious employment
i declare the session of the european parliament adjourned .
thank you , mrs de keyser , for that account of marriage. it was a fine way of presenting matters .
in relation to risk management , the commission should receive a message from the house in this report in the perspective of the future cap reform .
thank you , mr bonde , we have noted that. work is ongoing on that project , but now i think the house would like to move on with this morning 's vote .
( the house rose for a minute 's silence . )
in view of the position of my political group in this matter , i feel unable to oppose the resolution outright , and i shall therefore abstain .
commission declaration relating to annex viib
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see minutes
mrs oviir , you are not bothering me in the slightest , moreover i am pleased to tell you that you are the last speaker , on the last report .
they cannot come about through our vote .
secondly , in the meantime , will the commission present to parliament the requested report on the status of the ratification and implementation of the conventions by the existing gsp + beneficiaries ?
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
we will continue to press with this issue. it is very important. it raises considerable humanitarian concerns in ireland and other member states .
i urge you to support this joint motion for a resolution .
the pvv will fight this proposal tooth and nail and will , therefore , also be wholeheartedly voting against it .
the purpose of the three main amendments i support is as follows :
the vote will take place on thursday at 11.30 a.m.
how does the commission intend to step up direct involvement by women in representative , decision-making and advisory fisheries bodies at european , national and regional level ?
the vote will take place on wednesday at 11.30 a.m.
madam president , the point i want to make concerns equal access to culture no matter what your background ; rich or poor , culture has to be accessible to all .
( the president cut off the speaker )
question no 22 by bart staes ( h-0832 / 02 ) :
after having received numerous requests from petitioners , the committee on petitions sent a mission to campania and adopted by consensus a report pointing towards a solution .
7. draft amending budget no 6 / 2006 ( vote )
i would like to hear the opinion of the rapporteur .
however , with the digital age , convergence and the arrival of new audiovisual media services , a new revision of this regulatory framework has proved necessary .
let me first of all thank all those who have worked to make this debate possible today , and especially the rapporteur , mrs breyer .
the june movement is fundamentally opposed to an eu constitution and a common security and defence policy .
. mr president , everybody should read and study the excellent report by my friend mr howitt very carefully , because in it they will find challenges and responses .
secondly , some active investment is needed in ukraine , above all in oil and gas pipelines which have been short of funding or which are incomplete .
i have voted against this motion for a resolution .
debates about national tastes and products give us too far wide a sphere for ridiculous discussions .
thank you , mr president , and now i shall begin my intervention .
thank you very much , mr henderson .
corrigendum to a text adopted : see minutes
. major changes to european culture that will happen as a result of digital technology are welcome. however , continued good public service broadcasting is essential .
i voted in favour of the text of this report because i support the idea that greater synergy between tax and development policies can help developing countries .
( the president cut off the speaker )
the next item is the joint debate on :
i must congratulate mrs theato , who has done an enormous amount of work , which has not been easy , and i hope she will achieve the proposed objective .
i have received two motions for resolutions pursuant to rule 42 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure .
moreover , 19 december saw the entry into force of the visa-free regime , in accordance with the schengen system , for citizens of the former yugoslav republic of macedonia .
first of all , the initiatives should concern all types of innovation in the public and private sectors .
regrettably , instead of accepting their full responsibilities , a number of companies have been launching massive campaigns behind the scenes to try and stop this proposal from advancing .
i see no reason , for example , why the working conditions of domestic staff should be in any way untypical .
member of the commission . - mr president , as i said , we have a problem accepting amendments that will affect the main principles and aspects of the regulation .
( the assembly rose and observed one minute 's silence ) .
president of the commission . - mr president , i would like to comment briefly on some of the issues that were directly put during the debate .
the next item is the report ( a4-0005 / 97 ) by mrs lulling , on behalf of the committee on women 's rights , on the situation of assisting spouses of the self-employed .
i now announce the results of the vote on the seniority of the vice-presidents .
( b5-0305 / 1999 ) by mr morillon , mr oostlander , and others , on behalf of the ppe / de group , on the situation of the serbs and other national minorities in kosovo ;
we are the proof of that , we who have been thrown in jail for defending our ideas and the rights of european citizens , while europe watched on in silence .
2. a council framework decision on the execution in the european union of confiscation orders ( 10701 / 2002 - c5-0377 / 2002 - 2002 / 0816 ( cns ) )
israel must therefore be treated in the same way as we treated milosevic 's serbia and apartheid in south africa. the sharon regime must be isolated .
mr president , pursuant to the rules brought in by the bureau , i wish to put on record that i am present but did not partake in the vote .
fourthly , community legislation on the mutual recognition of qualifications must be more strictly applied ;
the permitted planting areas cannot sustain a self-sufficiency policy for the european union , with 14 % of trade already in the hands of third countries .
fifth point : there should be more fundamental cooperation with the united nations high commission .
i am pleased , mr president , honourable members , ladies and gentlemen , to close my remarks and to commend the draft budget to the european parliament this afternoon .
mrs ludford , are you sure your point of order is related to the minutes ?
mr morillon has written a good report stressing that neither religious objections nor geo-strategic considerations are the decisive factors for turkey 's accession .
framework decision on combating racism and xenophobia ( debate )
thank you very much for your cooperation , mr barnier .
let us hope that in the future we will at least be able to achieve those guarantees .
on behalf of the ecr group . - mr president , i am limiting my remarks to the report dealing with bus and coach passengers .
the elimination of barriers on the european market will give patients greater access to existing cures through the europe-wide licensing of these products .
12. local authorities and development cooperation ( vote )
2008 annual report on the cfsp - the implementation of the european security strategy and the common security and defence policy - non-proliferation treaty ( debate )
evaluation of the driving hours and rest periods ( debate )
i note that slovakia is making progress to meeting both the copenhagen criteria and towards fulfilling the acquis communautaire .
this is why , in its proposal for a regulation , the council is seeking to take this fight to a new level .
ladies and gentlemen , we will now proceed to the explanations of vote .
- before the vote on amendment 2
4. report on the 2009 annual statement on the euro area and public finances (
mr president , i will not respond to the attacks that were just made. i am a friend of israel too. i even have family in israel .
the voting will take place at noon tomorrow .
i repeat that it is time to take action .
family reunification measures must be adopted in accordance with the obligation to protect family life and the prohibition of discrimination .
colleagues , we have had a long week and we are all tired. let us move on .
( more than 12 members stood up )
it is undeniable that the services directive is an essential element in our efforts to boost the european economy and unleash the potential of the internal market for services .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the lack of a concrete commission working programme for the coming institutional reform is a source of concern to parliament , as we have seen .
after the commission 's communication entitled ' black sea synergy : a new regional cooperation initiative ' , the current first report in parliament is another step in the right direction .
secondly , we believe that we should establish a european climate agency to coordinate all measures , including those proposed here .
the next item is question time ( b5-0097 / 2003 ) . the following questions are addressed to the council .
item i - situation in cyprus :
i would like to inform you that i did not have the possibility of signing this declaration , and i am ready to do it immediately .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
. ( de ) today , i have voted against the czech republic 's application for accession to the european union .
thank you , commissioner , for your very comprehensive response. it is important that we have coherence in our industrial policy .
– the first item is the commission statement on its legislative and work programme for 2004 and the oral question on eurostat ( ppe-de : o-0067 / 2003 – b5-0415 / 2003 ) .
the next item is the joint debate on
secondly , in order for consumers to be better protected and informed , there is a need for the classification of hotel and restaurant standards to be standardised across the eu .
the next item is the statement by the council and the commission on the state of relations between turkey and the european union .
i believe this is a profoundly political problem .
[ com ( 2000 ) 831 - c5-0758 / 2000 - 2000 / 0338 ( cod ) ]
we must establish retraining plans so that those who lose their jobs today can quickly find another job in the future .
( it ) mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the members who have already spoken have said practically everything. they have recalled the facts , assessed them and made specific requests .
could the commission comment on whether the charter is proving to be a useful tool in assisting and supporting small enterprises ?
mr president , i would like to thank the rapporteur for his well-prepared response to the commission .
this is an exercise with which we can have no truck .
mr martinez , you are an admirable jurist. you know that this is not the right time for explanations of vote , which are at the end .
– mr president , mr barroso , i would like to make an appeal to you and as i am the last speaker , i hope that you will remember it .
we do not in fact yet know whether we will be voting on this motion this morning as i was going to put this to the house .
( the president noted that there was no opposition to considering the oral amendment ) ( parliament adopted the resolution )
the next item is the debate on topical and urgent subjects of major importance .
we have waited years for this directive and have repeatedly demanded mandatory obstacle-free design. we do not want to be put off any longer .
that covers all the points relevant to the internal market. thank you for your attention .
we shall convey that to the conference of presidents , and shall come to a decision one way or another .
( the house rose and observed a minute 's silence )
8. protocol on the accession of liechtenstein to the ec / switzerland agreement for establishing the state responsible for examining asylum requests (
therefore it is absolutely necessary that we reach an agreement with the council , especially on banning naked cdss .
the vote will take place today at 12 noon .
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting
i will listen to your comments to this text and i will try , to the best of my abilities , to answer your questions on behalf of my colleague .
environmental quality standards in the field of water policy ( debate )
it seems that the member states see the european union as a perfect stage from which to satisfy their national public opinion , very cheaply , of course .
it was done in this way by undertaking - and we are here in parliament to approve it - a complete reform of the supervision of the financial system .
what took place last week is the logical outcome of what has happened in the past .
for this reason labour meps supported the amendments that would exclude western sahara from the scope of the agreement and voted against the agreement when the exclusion amendments fell .
and i think , commissioner , there is every reason to be careful and hesitant when we discuss this item .
. i voted in favour of the bono report on education as the cornerstone of the lisbon process , for the following reasons .
i trust that the commission 's proposal will be more adventurous. i know that commissioner kuneva is committed to tackling such a demanding task as this .
all these issues throw up one unavoidable conclusion : afghanistan needs partners who are prepared to be there for the long haul .
excuse , but i have the feeling that you are being greatly disturbed by the background noise .
. ( pt ) i have voted in favour of the report , and welcome the initiative by the committee on employment and social affairs .
that has been our policy stance in the past and that is our policy position now. we have always been consistent .
5 . 2009 discharge : european police college (
second , obstacles to understanding because of its impenetrable website .
it also strikes me that the increase in trade since the enlargement will help develop new markets , such as this form of transport .
thank you , we shall take note of this .
mr president , as rightly pointed out by parliament 's report , one of the key issues concerning animal transport relates to travelling time limits , and i thank parliament for its contribution .
madam president , to give you just one example of the bad taste , it says here in point 1 of the statement :
finally , we believe that we should continue to support a coordinated eu approach to the situation , and we will appreciate parliament 's input and efforts in this respect .
we are very glad to receive these visitors to parliament .
i would also like to ask when we can expect the publication of the commission 's indices relating to the neighbourhood programmes. thank you very much .
i shall now give the floor to mr michel barnier , who is speaking on behalf of the commission .
alternative means of redress may be recommended .
( the sitting was closed at 11.38 a.m. )
prime minister , i would like to wish you every success .
ladies and gentlemen , it is my great pleasure to inform you that a delegation from the people ' s national congress of china is seated in the official gallery .
the question is , how can we be successful at this point .
my second point concerns energy security. how , specifically , do things stand in the energy negotiations ?
- ( fr ) i abstained from the vote on the resolution on protecting the communities ' financial interests and the fight against fraud .
written declarations for entry in the register ( rule 116 ) : see minutes
the next item is questions to the council ( b5-0029 / 99 ) .
before the vote , i have a request from mr watson to take the floor to table a procedural motion .
. we wish to express our unequivocal criticism of the appalling and irresponsible remarks about israel made by the president of iran .
the vote will take place tomorrow .
decisions concerning certain documents : see minutes
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see minutes
i voted in favour of the dunn report , because i believe that these measures may help strengthen the fight against organised crime .
the minutes of yesterday 's meeting have been distributed. are there any comments ?
. ( nl ) mr president , i should like to make a couple of points by way of explanation of how i voted on the members ' statute .
( the president cut the speaker off )
we also believe that it is absolutely essential that there be a committee to investigate the circumstances surrounding the murder of the former prime minister in an independent manner .
i commend this invention to the commission and indeed the whole world for consideration .
in conclusion , tourism development should be carefully planned so as to take into consideration the carrying capacity of the site with regard to environmental , social and economic impacts .
socially speaking and in terms of the citizens mr giscard d 'estaing 's draft is manifestly insufficient .
metten report ( a4-0379 / 96 ) , christodoulou report ( a4-0371 / 96 ) , herman report ( a4-0375 / 96 ) , hoppenstedt report ( a4-0352 / 96 ) , harrison report ( a4-0374 / 96 )
question no 4 by per gahrton ( h-0794 / 97 )
it was the discharge procedure that ultimately led to the forced resignation of the commission back in 1999. that is what started the whole process .
if i were in a more cynical mood i would say that you are slightly optimistic in saying that we are benefiting from the profits of the oil companies .
the document that will be approved by the special general assembly must be geared towards action and must pursue the following objectives .
( abbreviated in accordance with rule 163 ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure )
the president cut the speaker off
so my four priorities , which i find in your paper as well , are climate change , the constitution , the single market and enlargement .
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on thursday , 14 march 2002 .
before the vote on the motion for a resolution as a whole
b5-0428 / 2001 by gerard collins , on behalf of the uen group , on the aftermath of the massacre of the royal family in nepal ;
- before the vote on amendment 22
– we will check all the language versions , mr varela suanzes-carpegna .
8. nuclear non-proliferation and disarmament ( vote )
we shall now return to the minutes , if you don ' t mind .
( the sitting was adjourned at 11.55 a.m. for the formal sitting and resumed at 12.30 p.m. )
mr president , allow me to thank the president-in-office of the council for his presentation of the irish presidency 's ambitious programme .
3. agreement between the eu and iceland and norway on the application of certain provisions of council decision 2008 / 615 / jha and council decision 2008 / 616 / jha (
the vote will take place at 11 a.m.
let me conclude with one further point : in many cases , non-intervention actually means brutal intervention .
fourthly , non-technological innovations , including in terms of design , services and cultural creativity , are also important factors .
rapporteur . - madam president , i should like to thank my colleagues for their comments and to make just a couple of points .
third-country imports must also comply with the same standards as set within the eu and all products must be tested to ensure that they are safe for ...
the text of the socialist resolution does not therefore conform to the rules of procedure , mr president , and i would ask that you act accordingly .
absolutely , mr salafranca sánchez. i shall be happy to do that on behalf of the european parliament as a whole .
that is why i voted in favour and i hope that the commission and the council will follow the recommendations of the report .
thank you very much , mr vitorino , for your valuable contribution to this question time .
i say it again : it is necessary to give the people a referendum on the lisbon treaty. pactio olisipio censenda est !
mr president , i would like a mistake in today 's agenda to be corrected .
let us not forget that other texts are already in the process of being prepared concerning , for example , seasonal workers and trainees .
decisions concerning certain documents : see minutes
' to produce an annual summary at the appropriate level of the available audits and declarations ' .
we therefore vote against amendments nos 3 , 4 and 7 in the report .
i have received six motions for resolutiontabled in accordance with rule 110 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
the next item is the joint debate on the reports :
that concludes the summary of the commission view of the proposed amendments .
as the honourable member knows , article 255 , formerly article 191a , of the treaty establishing the european community reads as follows :
thank you very much , madam president. i await your explanation. i would also ask president prodi , who is present , and the council to give us theirs .
now , about the topic you raised , mr schulz :
action taken on parliament 's resolutions : see minutes
in short : firstly acknowledge the problem more clearly and secondly integrate the roma organisations into the process more radically .
mr president , i should like to start by congratulating mrs theato on her sterling work .
i voted in favour of these recommendations .
it was a pleasure to work on this issue with the house and the rapporteur. we did a good job and achieved a good result. many thanks .
( parliament rejected paragraph 23 , and the report was therefore referred back to committee )
ladies and gentlemen , as you can well imagine , this is neither the time nor the place to start a debate. in fact , the vote is under way .
9. implemented reforms and developments in the republic of moldova (
mr president , this is a serious law-making process that we are beginning now with the treaty of lisbon .
- draft european parliament recommendation author : wallis
the risk of floods is such that there is an urgent need to protect local forests and to use every means to prevent them from being appropriated for building .
i voted in support of this report despite some misgivings and concern with the overall thrust of the report .
reduction of sulphur content of liquid fuels
report ( a5-0308 / 2002 ) by hans-peter martin , on behalf of the committee on constitutional affairs , on amendment of the provisions of parliament 's rules of procedure concerning the discharge procedure ( 2001 / 2060 / ( reg ) )
in writing . - ( pt ) i am voting for this proposal , since i agree with the discharge procedures , as they propose suitable appropriations for each heading .
i shall begin by taking a very brief look at the questions of employment and emu before examining in more detail the conclusion of the igc negotiations .
( the president of the european parliament and the president of the commission signed the framework agreement ) ( applause )
note also the support for the division of serbia , circumventing international law , in calls for ‘ a kosovo whose territorial integrity is safeguarded by the un and the eu …
( sv ) mr president , commissioner , fellow members , ladies and gentlemen , i wish to thank mr coelho and others for their constructive work .
( the speaker agreed to take a blue card question under rule 149 ( 8 ) )
the vote will take place tomorrow at 9.30 a.m.
. mr president , the committee on budgetary control has published , to give you the main points , the following suggestions on the resolutions of the committee on budgets .
establishment of a joint eu resettlement programme ( debate )
the next item is the commission statement on the situation in tibet .
i would like to congratulate the commission for focusing on this issue , because like water and other issues , it is extremely important .
mr president , we are very pleased about the holding of local elections in saudi arabia , but very much deplore the lack of participation by women .
( the sitting was closed at 11.30 p.m. )
( es ) mr president , i would like to convey three sentiments .
the vote will take place tomorrow at noon .
subject : christians in turkey : mor gabriel monastery
i voted in favour of the resolution on setting a target of a 30 % reduction in carbon emissions by 2020 .
the next item is question time ( b5-0279 / 2003 ) .
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
. mr president , ladies and gentlemen , as you will know , the commission has proposed a measure for the payment of damages , which aims to pursue three objectives .
. - ( ro ) the conclusions drawn by the council are consistent with the crisis which member states are going through .
only high quality production will give the european industry competitive clout in the current context , given ...
. mr president , first of all i would like to congratulate the rapporteur , mr kindermann , on a very well-balanced report .
b5-0385 / 1999 by mr sylla and others , on behalf of the gue / ngl group , on the situation in djibouti .
( the president cut off the speaker )
thank you , mrs berés , your view , together with mr tomczak ’ s , will be forwarded to parliament ’ s president .
the june list has therefore voted against the reports .
( el ) mr president , commissioner , the nationalisation of life from the outset contradicts the application of this environmental tool to date
apart from that , it is a huge waste of money to cut a day here and then hold additional plenary part-sessions .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
if europe is not able to create a single airspace , how will it be able to build a strong political union ?
mr president , it is again very simple. the insertion of one word : ' sincere cooperation ' .
madam president , i voted against all three agricultural reports. my position regarding the happart report also applies to the jové peres report .
1. dialogue between the chinese government and envoys of the dalai lama ( debate )
( lt ) firstly , i would like to thank the rapporteur , mr tarabella , for the work he has done .
debates on cases of breaches of human rights , democracy and the rule of law ( debate )
the objective of this report is to support european artists by extending the term of protection of copyright of phonograms from 50 years to 70 years .
could the council explain the steps it is taking to allow british national overseas dependent territories passport holders free movement in the european union ?
i hope the eu maintains the pressure on the burmese authorities so that they feel compelled to embrace democracy and liberate the burmese people from their suffering and oppression .
to sum up , everybody should seize this opportunity and thus create a real win-win situation for everybody , including the varosha refugees .
mr president , as usual , i am in full agreement with mrs peijs. that is why i shall mainly confine myself to the report by mrs berès .
take a serious look at these criticisms. polemics have had their day. as you will see in france , they only trip you up .
until we begin to condemn such things just as roundly , there will be no peace in the middle east .
i would prefer first to hear from the political groups .
1. conclusion of agreements under article xxi gats on the necessary compensatory adjustments resulting from the enlargements of 1995 and 2004 ( vote )
thank you very much , mr liikanen .
since the legal issue has been mentioned , it is that in particular that i would like to revisit .
we managed to secure all our demands and as such to preserve the institutional balance of the union , while reinforcing the control of subsidiarity .
mr president , i shall try to speak more slowly this time because last time i gave the interpreters a hard time by speaking at a mediterranean tempo .
i am convinced that other operations of a similar nature should be massively encouraged and financially supported by the european union .
the next item is the council and commission statements on data protection .
similarly , their contribution to the rehabilitation and reconstruction process cannot be too highly praised .
the events of the last few days , where peaceful protest led by buddhist monks has been met with teargas and bullets , have made an awful situation worse .
well , mr rack , do not worry : we did begin again at exactly 12 noon and it is now 12.04 p.m. , so we are not doing too badly .
. in the circumstances i had expected to be able to sample these extremely delicious waffles , but that might be for another occasion .
mr president , i should like to request a clarification , an addition. after
we reject any measure that , on the pretext of preserving nature , destroys the livelihoods of the small-scale fishermen who survive on what they earn .
mr santini , speaking on behalf of the group union for europe now has the floor for four minutes .
in conclusion i would like to wish for effective cooperation for us all , for the good of our common europe .
the commission can accept in principle amendments 26 and 27 concerning adaptation to the rules of procedure and the date of entry into force of the regulation .
( the sitting was suspended at 1.27 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m. )
- before the vote on paragraph 7 :
( the president cut the speaker off )
is the commission not concerned at the serious implications which closure of the bombardier plant in portugal will have ?
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
we would appreciate it if the commission could ensure that its eu ambassadors in the region could collate information on this matter and duly inform us .
the programme of the italian presidency
the audit of operational expenditure revealed an unacceptable incidence of error affecting the amount of the payments or the reality or the eligibility of the underlying transactions .
mr president , i wish first to thank all the members who have spoken on mrs sartori 's report. i would like to thank them for the proposals they are making .
that concludes the explanations of vote .
before the vote , i would ask the commission to give its position on the amendments .
the vote will take place on thursday at 11 a.m.
the sitting was suspended at 12.10 p.m. and resumed at 3.05 p.m.
( the president cut the speaker off )
the vote will be taken tomorrow at 10.00 a.m.
this agreement is a balanced and reasonable accommodation which recognizes the different values and cultures on the island of ireland .
amendment no 16 requires the commission to undertake an activity which may better be carried out by technical experts with the support or at the instigation of , the commission .
the next item is the commission statement on the preparations by the european union for the review conference on the ottawa treaty on anti-personnel mines .
the fourteen vice-presidents are elected unanimously .
i ask you now to observe a minute ’ s silence .
the house is free to set the deadlines and timetables as it wishes .
that is the most suitable , most in-depth and far-reaching form of a policy of solidarity in the union .
nevertheless , it promotes the neoliberal route , as laid down in the lisbon agenda , with all of the detrimental consequences that that entails , not least for vocational education and training .
i would now like to make a statement on two recent events .
could you outline when people will know whether their area will receive less , or more , funding under the reclassification ?
i will end , mr president , by congratulating the two rapporteurs for my part too , for they have worked together and developed these two important reports side by side .
the dearth of comparative information on the extent of poverty throughout the union must be remedied .
lastly , the report calls for our fisheries products to be promoted more vigorously and for more assistance with r + d to be given to our companies .
on that note i will close. thank you for your attention .
that is all i have to say , and i just hope this will be accepted .
the completion of negotiations at the doha round constitutes , as commissioner mandelson has also said , a test ground for this close relationship between the european union and the usa .
i thank the members for their detailed contributions .
i should also like to draw attention to new principles. we need a coherent approach based on the principle : ' know your supplier , know your client . '
if no known substitute exists , research must immediately be instigated and authorisation for use must be limited .
this is why i hope , ladies and gentlemen , that this evening you will support these amendments , which i think are both realistic and responsible .
i now call upon the commission to inform us of its position on the amendments .
we hope that the commission will pay special attention to these issues in its report. until then , this piece of legislation will allow rapid authorisation of new textile fibres .
those responsible for taking decisions must spend as much time as possible seeking answers to questions concerning the possible impact of their decisions before actually taking those decisions .
the outcome witnessed by us in recent days is tragic : there has been a very sharp deterioration in the humanitarian situation and even the security situation has worsened considerably .
. – the next item is the commission statement on the european economic and social model .
we also oppose the rapporteur 's rules on advertising , which are unjustified and restrict freedom of expression .
that is our main reason for deciding to vote against the legislative resolution resulting from this own-initiative report by the european parliament .
that is not on. it would also considerably undermine our credibility in these matters .
the need for further harmonization of national arms export policies has been raised at various levels within the council .
( explanation of vote cut short pursuant to rule 137 ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure )
possibly ! i apologise , but i answered for him because we are short of time .
1. mount athos enjoys special status , which was secured in joint declaration no 4 on mount athos in greece 's accession act to the eec .
mr president , my group supports the baron crespo report , shares his delight that it has finally made it to plenary and i echo all his comments in detail .
you have moved application of rule 130 ( 1 ) . i shall call one speaker in favour of the motion and one against. then we shall move to the vote , as planned .
thank you very much , mrs diamantopoulou .
. i welcome this initiative and was very happy to support many of the amendments and the report itself in the final vote .
thank you , commissioner solbes , and i shall give the floor to mr cashman for a procedural motion .
thank you very much , and goodbye for the last time .
( laughter ) it would be a good idea to take steps to secure universal recognition so that all these countries recognize the european passport .
i would therefore ask that we look to the future with the firm obligation to achieve that prosperity and security that our citizens are asking us for .
we therefore voted against the resolution in the vote today .
i also wish to highlight the very fine idea of declaring 2011 european year of volunteering .
defending organic farming means taking a stand for quality and safety , not forgetting freedom of choice for consumers .
in my opinion , that is a message for the citizens here in the visitors ’ gallery : the european union does not have the keys to europe .
parliament , which represents european citizens , plays an essential , leading role in security matters. our task is important , and this is recognised in the treaty of lisbon .
the treaty of lisbon has a direct or indirect effect on all of the european parliament 's services .
the next item is the council and commission statements on the peace process in spain .
( for results and other details of the vote : see minutes )
in writing . - ( pl ) there are numerous contradictions in the report on employment policy in the member states .
4. maintaining the eligibility of regional disasters in the solidarity fund ;
for all these reasons , it is important that we support these reports .
b5 ­ 0727 / 2000 by mr messner , on behalf of the group of the greens / european free alliance , on the continuing problems faced by bhutanese refugees in nepal ;
does the commission consider that sweden may continue to apply its own rules during this interim period ?
is there a speaker to support this request ?
what measures is the council taking to ensure that directive 92 / 57 / eec and other health and safety legislation concerning construction sites are adhered to within the european union ?
annual report on the activities of the european
the first was the full payment of cap subsidies .
( the sitting was closed at 11.40 p.m. )
the next item is the debate on the council and commission statements on the preparation for the next informal european council .
the vote will take place at 6.30 p.m.
the commission is in favour of having input from this working group , not with binding documents but in an informal consultation .
mr president , i cannot say congratulations to the commissioner , but i have three questions .
could you tell me what the commission 's intentions are in this respect ?
. mr president , i thank you for that excellent discipline you have imposed .
there is currently a striking disparity in situations and treatment , whether with regard to access to airports or in terms of the assistance provided by airlines and airports .
in romania 1.4 million flats urgently require investment for renovation .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , commissioner , i would first of all like to thank the rapporteurs of both these reports for their hard work .
provides a coherent and harmonised set of data protection standards and includes essential principles such as the principle of proportionality , data minimisation , minimal retention periods and purpose limitation ;
the icc will be to human rights what the sdn was to the maintenance of peace : a hollow shell !
( de ) mr president , the committee on agriculture and rural development discussed this yesterday evening and voted in favour of urgent procedure. i therefore commend its decision to the house .
that will not be a problem .
it is on this point that i would like to thank our rapporteur , mr turmes , for his sense of compromise , along with his whole team .
mr president , i want to raise one matter relating to the enforcement of seafarer ' s hours , of their working time onboard ships using community ports .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 3 p.m.
mr president , i join you in expressing gratitude to the interpreters and regretting the lateness of the hour .
the next item is the joint debate on :
i have voted in favour of the reports on :
the union raised again the problem of unimpeded and safe access for humanitarian workers on the ground in chechnya .
( parliament rejected the request to postpone the vote )
( sk ) madam president , i have voted for the council common position , which was amended by the kurt lechner report .
in 2008 , the eu oda has increased by around eur 4 billion to a level of 0.40 % of oda and the collective eu oda is forecast to continue increasing .
for the aforesaid reasons , we have voted against the report in today ’ s vote .
without suitable rules against counterfeiting , there is no point talking about measures to relaunch the european economy .
recommendation for second reading by mrs oomen-ruijten ( a4-0015 / 97 )
mr president , we are going to have to leave turkey in no doubt about all this. there must be no doublespeak !
therefore , let us not forget the big picture in our debates .
the next item is the debate on the statement by the commission on cloning animals and human beings .
mr president , surely , as it aims to delete the text , amendment no 26s should be taken before you take the oral amendment ?
we will certainly try to have that put right , mrs lynne .
in any case , the mines that have credible forecasts of profitability do not need state aid and can obtain the required capital from the capital or financial markets .
i shall also comment on two other important matters raised at liege , namely preparations for transition to the euro and issues related to globalisation .
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
in writing . - i welcome the positive vote today on recognising energy poverty and reducing vat for energy saving goods .
question 23 lapses on the grounds that it relates to a problem that we have discussed this afternoon .
we shall now proceed to the votes .
statute of the european private company , company law ( debate )
yes , mr maaten , but we have an agenda established. within the bounds of this agenda , we will try to take your concerns into account as far as possible .
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see minutes
τhe next item is the vote .
we shall now proceed to the vote .
questions which have not been answered for lack of time will receive written answers ( see annex ) .
- the second advocates eu action to ban flags of convenience in european territorial waters .
9 . 2009 budget : parliament 's estimates (
today ’ s report focuses on those areas which required further progress in may. the majority of bulgaria ’ s and romania ’ s overall preparations had already been completed by that time .
mr president , as everyone here is aware , biotechnology has developed rapidly in many areas .
( cries of ' i am spartacus ! ' from members of the ind / dem group )
· the european parliament calls on the commission to keep it informed about progress made in respect of the content and timetable of negotiations and
without going into the details , let us consider each of these subjects .
1. request for waiver of the immunity of mr hans-peter martin (
friends , today there is no old europe , no new europe , no east or west europe. there is only one europe , and it is our home europe .
( bg ) mr president , today 's debate is not just about widespread eavesdropping in bulgaria. it is about the alarming tendencies towards the suspension of citizens ' rights in europe
will the commission establish a permanent structured dialogue with the european ngo liaison committee ( clong ) which will guarantee the terms governing the participation of european ngos in community cooperation ?
thank you , mr graefe zu baringdorf , for this very clear yet very worrying explanation .
( pl ) mr president , ukraine is a strategically important neighbour for the european union. it is a natural bridge linking us with russia and central asia .
in this case , i recommend the following actions :
we therefore had no difficulty in following you .
in writing . - undeclared work exploits workers , distorts labour markets and provides an unfair competitive advantage to unscrupulous employers , which leads to a low-level underground economy .
we need to learn that we on this continent cannot successfully compete with other continents if we do not even have the courage to compete amongst ourselves .
under the current arrangements , only establishments dealing with certain feed additives are registered. clearly this is not sufficient to ensure traceability of all feed materials .
now that the request has been moved , does anybody wish to speak in favour ?
thirdly , public service television should be helping to instil responsibility in those who watch it. it is therefore to the viewers as citizens that it should be addressing itself .
thirdly , the need to divide best practice criteria into mandatory and optional criteria ; and
i also believe that the data on the payments of the european agricultural fund for rural development ought to be broken down in order to identify the major beneficiaries .
we now proceed to the voting on the joint motion for a resolution on the crisis in the rice sector .
approval of minutes of previous sitting : see minutes
themes linked to competitiveness and growth have always been at the heart of the lisbon strategy .
mr president , lisbon is going to bring in many changes , but few will be as dramatic as those to be made to the budget procedure .
( the speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under rule 149 ( 8 ) )
and your final question asks what specific measures the commission intends to propose to make sure that sepa migration does not lead to a more expensive payment system .
' the european council 's proposals will probably increase human costs because of the intensified security and surveillance orientation . '
question no 59 by joan vallvé ( h-0034 / 97 )
this text offers a perspective for preventing electrical and electronic waste and for developing systems to recover and re-use this waste .
the next item is the vote on objections to the debate on topical and urgent matters of major importance ( rule 47 ) .
' the council therefore welcomes and supports the initiative undertaken by the european parliament and the commission to establish a joint " transparency register ” .
hence our vote against the report before us .
9. mdgs at the midway point ( vote )
in fact , this is absolutely not what the services had understood , but we shall of course go along with our rapporteur .
action taken on parliament 's resolutions : see minutes
( b5-0366 / 2000 ) by mr oostlander and mr posselt , on behalf of the ppe ­ de group , on chechnya ;
i therefore voted in favour of this report .
( the sitting was opened at 09 : 00 )
i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on 9 october 1998 .
the next item is the commission statement on own resources and the budget procedure .
mr president , i should like to congratulate the commission and commissioner vitorino on their sound proposal. i have one point of criticism .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12.00 p.m.
b5-0565 / 2001 by mr khanbhai , on behalf of the ppe-de group , on human rights violations in mauritania ;
overall , too much money has been appropriated to far too many projects. we question why some of these projects exist and are funded via the eu .
nevertheless , although i endorse the report and although the rapporteur is a socialist , i voted against the amendments tabled at a later stage by the socialist group .
i would therefore like to urge you to be able to answer the next time i ask a question about the actual content of the treaty .
b5-0790 / 2000 , by mr lipietz and mr nogueira román , on behalf of the group of the greens / european free alliance , on the crisis in peru ;
the transitional period for spain 's accession to the european union ended in december 2002 , and from january this year all restrictions should have disappeared .
that , and nothing less than that , is everybody 's intention , including , if you will allow me , mr stevenson , your president ’ s .
approval of minutes of previous sitting : see minutes
mr president , mr medina ortega 's report , although insufficient , does in fact review the decision to cancel the 1997 directive on tobacco , and we welcome this .
in addition , the house must keep in mind the need to take account of issues pertaining to the family and family policy in the broader union action programme .
we must dedicate ourselves to upholding the european ideals of inclusiveness and democracy and resist the pressure of those groups that wish to maintain an anti-european monopolistic control .
thirdly , member states and the european commission should assume the function of coordinator of the areas of both financial policy and overall policy .
it is indeed schizophrenic for us to call for subsidies and then decide not to enter the few pennies required in the budget !
madam president , i would like to speak on the issue of turkey .
i think that this will improve pedestrian protection and benefit all of those who , particularly in cities , really are the weakest on our roads .
mr malerba , i think you are more qualified than most people to speak to us about these issues , from the heights from which you have seen these events .
3 ) the need to ensure a dialogue between the european parliament and the ecb on economic and monetary affairs .
the president-in-office of the council , mr németh , will speak on behalf of mrs ashton .
the vote on this item will take place tomorrow , at 12 noon .
. mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i wish to address three issues in this , my final speech .
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
mr de miguel , the minister speaking on behalf of the council , has the floor .
- before the vote on amendment 11 :
the present text helps the member states to make every effort to prevent unintentional transboundary movement of gmos. mr sjöstedt 's report therefore receives my warm support .
( the sitting was suspended at 11.55 a.m. pending voting time , and resumed at 12.05 p.m. )
mrs izquierdo , you are only entitled to ask one supplementary question , and you have already done that .
the text on which the rapporteur and the french presidency have agreed respects these requirements , and i am pleased about this .
then there are the amendments to annexes 2 and 3. supplementary amendments nos 79-81 and 83 are acceptable , while none of the first amendments nos 44-45 are acceptable .
we discussed this issue previously at my meeting with the green group. the report will be transmitted to parliament in due course .
after the vote on recital h :
we shall now proceed to the vote .
i insist that in the battle against cyber crime there must be active cooperation between the police authorities , internet service providers , users and other operators involved .
the following questions are addressed to the council .
as coreper has recently visited my constituency , i can assure colleagues that no permanent damage has been caused , and cordial relations have now been resumed .
we shall now adjourn this debate for the vote .
. data concerning the effect on the international market of national measures to tax passenger air traffic are limited .
during the german eu presidency , a representative of that country stated that ' nord stream ' was a project involving private companies and over which the eu had no influence .
i would rather see social security in kazakhstan put before our trade and economy .
without being gullible , we can be optimistic , and then perhaps we can have a debate .
so a sad message for the citizens of europe , and a sad message and some poor working methods which should make us think carefully about our own institution .
3. common rules for access to the international road haulage market ( recast ) (
thank you very much , madam commissioner bonino .
the british conservatives cannot support the measures in this report .
mr president , i would like to inform you that i am present in the chamber , i am voting and my machine is voting .
( lt ) madam president , firstly , i would like to thank you for the opportunity to discuss this important issue today , particularly as regards the european union 's neighbourhood .
35. insurance and reinsurance ( solvency ii ) ( recast ) (
the vote will take place on tuesday , 5 july 2011 .
report ( a5-0407 / 2002 ) by per stenmarck , on behalf of the committee on budgets , on the budget of the european convention for the financial year 2003 ( 3923 / 2002 - c5-0545 / 2002 - 2002 / 2234 ( bud ) )
mobilisation of the european globalisation adjustment fund would benefit 79 different enterprises and save 720 jobs. i have therefore voted in favour of this report .
i call on the european parliament to protest against these violations and to call on the regional government of the federation to put a stop to human rights abuses .
subject : application for flooding relief by the irish government
questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive written answers ( see annex ) .
i repeat : ' demands the immediate and unconditional release of all the aid workers ' is it ' immediate ' that bothers you ?
i must refer to the conference on the social responsibility of businesses which took place in stockholm on 10 and 11 november 2009 .
the doctors have a name for this : it is post-traumatic stress syndrome. it has to be dealt with. that is all it is. i am sorry .
( bg ) mrs angelilli 's report is very timely and important. we live in a world where the risks for children and adolescents are continuously growing .
author . - mr president , azerbaijan is , regrettably , a one-party , semi-authoritarian state where political opposition to the dynastic rule of the aliyev family is barely tolerated .
. ( de ) for the following reasons i have voted against the outcome of the conciliation procedure on the tobacco directive :
thirdly , we must communicate better with our citizens and give them the confidence that we are capable of running the budget effectively .
the commission will be aware of the serious fire in the channel tunnel on 19 november 1996 .
thank you , mr gallagher. we shall inform the council of that without delay .
i warmly welcome the high representative , javier solana. mr solana , the floor is yours .
7. ec-us air transport agreement ( vote )
in offering this explanation of my vote , therefore , i wished to express my deep dissatisfaction and my deep concern .
in that respect , our rapporteur also deserves credit for proposing a very exhaustive list of the approaches and measures that can and must be adopted .
i voted in favour of this outstanding report on a most important , relevant and topical issue .
member of the commission . - madam president , i would like to thank all members who have participated in this debate at this rather late hour .
and that , in the light of the usa 's demands , the various eu member states were divided , ultimately bearing witness to their priorities .
28 . 2007 discharge : european foundation for the improvement of living and working conditions (
mid-term review of the european environment and health action plan 2004-2010 ( debate )
mrs korhola has the floor for a supplementary question .
once all the rhetoric is cut out , it is just as simple as that .
council decision establishing a second phase of the programme of incentives , exchanges , training and cooperation for law enforcement authorities ( oisin ii ) ( com ( 2000 ) 828 - c5-0755 / 2000 - 2000 / 0340 ( cns ) )
thank you very much. we are grateful to you also for the greek word ' catastrophe ' .
the vote will take place tomorrow .
the refugee issue is very much an international issue which , in cases which cannot be solved nationally , are too big to be limited to the eu .
this is not the place to list the structural reforms needed : they have already been outlined in many commission reports. we must now start to put them into practice .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
b5-0455 / 2000 by martínez martínez , sauquillo pérez del arco and menéndez del valle , on behalf of the pse group ;
i believe that those who draft the reform proposal will realise this and put forward a solution that does not discriminate against anyone. i thank you for your attention .
( et ) in my view , one of the most important topics in this report is benchmarking .
a good european union forestry policy must not ignore the spirit of principle of subsidiarity : as little community regulation as possible , limited to what is necessary .
by józsef szájer , on behalf of the committee on legal affairs , with recommendations to the commission on the alignment of legal acts to the new comitology decision .
thank you very much mr commissioner .
now that the vote has taken place , it is rather late to ask whether this opinion was necessary or not. the question should have been raised beforehand .
( b5-0214 / 2002 ) by mr nassauer and mr posselt , on behalf of the ppe-de group , on indigenous minorities in vietnam and closure of refugee camps in cambodia ;
the june movement opposes the eu 's massive agricultural aid , which discriminates against the developing countries , the new eu countries , the environment and ecological interests .
i voted in favour of the resolution because i agree with the european commission 's proposal and with the respective amendments introduced by the european parliament .
joint motion for a resolution on migrants
. questions 50 and 51 are quite similar but , if necessary , i will answer them separately , although the concept will be the same .
( fi ) mr president , the basic issue behind this implementing directive is this : what has been the significance of the services directive for businesses , consumers , citizens and gdp ?
we should now be taking question no 18 by mr crowley , who was with us earlier and asked mr verheugen to answer his question in writing .
the next item is the debate on cases of breaches of human rights , democracy and the rule of law ( rule 50 ) .
since we do not wish to give our approval to this farce , we voted against the report .
the next item is the joint debate on the following two motions for resolutions :
with regard to the amendments that have been put forward , i would like to make a few comments that could help the debate .
the next item is the debate on five motions for resolutions on sri lanka ( 1 ) .
we trust that you will give these proposals your due consideration .
i believe there are many excellent proposals in this report that are well worth considering if we want to send a message to international criminals that we mean business !
b4-0320 / 97 tabled by mr bertens on behalf of the group of the european liberal , democratic and reformist party on the un resolution on the human rights situation in china .
the first was to assure our assistants publicly that this matter was being taken on board by the european parliament. we have done that .
decisions concerning certain documents : see minutes
when will the commission introduce measures to end the discard of by-catch by fishing vessels ?
madam president , there is no reason why we should withdraw this resolution , and we have no intention of doing so .
question no 49 by felipe camisón asensio ( h-0394 / 98 )
my supplementary question is as follows : has the council yet considered the various proposals and the various problems highlighted by mrs kjer hansen in her question ?
we do not want the current economic and financial crisis moving around the planet to adversely affect the eu budget .
- before the vote on amendment 4 :
an eu strategy for the black sea ( debate )
( the sitting was suspended at 1.15 p.m. and resumed at 1.20 p.m. )
the vote will take place tomorrow .
that is what is absolutely intolerable about the proposal that the commission is making. they would do well to backtrack .
as i have said , i am generally in favour of this report and am glad that further work is to be done along these lines .
what progress is being made by eu initiatives in this area , for example with regard to pollution in the mediterranean ?
those amendments that we cannot accept or accept only in part relate to three main issues .
i do not believe that criticising national laws and overstepping the powers of this parliament will be good for us because it will reduce our credibility in the future .
one solution , in my opinion , would be to separate non-mobile jobs from mobile jobs .
7. imposition of the death penalty on medical personnel in libya ( vote )
as the honourable member will appreciate , the commission would be ill advised to pre-empt the outcome of this process , before the working group has made public its conclusions .
( es ) mr president , i would like to make a minor linguistic , and perhaps semantic , observation .
madam president , i think that it is very clear that the separation of economic and monetary union from the intergovernmental conference cannot continue .
the next item is the debate on topical and urgent subjects of major importance .
we have supported the transparency of information and of natural gas storage capabilities , so that fair prices and a truly open market will be sustained to their benefit .
i am voting in favour of the joint motion for a resolution on the us imposition of sanctions against eu companies as a consequence of the banana dispute .
if we want to prevent all forms of human trafficking , we must tackle these mafias , these illegal trades that are constantly growing in a europe that is wide open .
signature of acts adopted under codecision : see minutes
mr president , the enlargement of the european union from 2004 constitutes an historic milestone in the construction of europe , something that we all sincerely welcome , for several reasons .
report ( a5-0251 / 2003 ) by mr roy perry , on behalf of the committee on culture , youth , education , the media and sport , on television without frontiers ( 2003 / 2033 ( ini ) )
' that river basins are the best suited environments for harnessing water and their good management makes it possible to resolve conflicts between countries , regions and users ' ; and , finally ,
thank you for your attention. please be assured that we remain entirely at your disposal at all times .
madam president , we have had an interesting debate on parliament 's own budget for this year and next year .
( es ) mr president , the crisis through which we are struggling is the worst in eight decades and the most significant since the launch of the community project .
i want to thank mrs wulf-mathies for attending and for giving these important answers .
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
( mr mann begins to speak without a microphone . )
( de ) mr president , my sincere thanks go to the rapporteur. i would like to endorse what mr färm said about youth policy and the promotion of young people .
. i was among the small number of members who voted against the motion to reject the proposal for a directive on the patentability of computer-implemented inventions .
i give the floor to mrs ferrero-waldner , president-in-office of the council .
the eu is showing its true colours !
the european parliament must condemn this event that eta-batasuna wants to hold and speak out in favour of strict compliance with the law on parties .
however , unlike colombia , sri lanka 's general approach was to deny the existence of any problems and not to cooperate with the commission at any stage of the investigation .
however , we do not share the view that it is necessary to give more subsidies to beekeepers and to provide more protection against the surrounding world ( protectionism ) .
does mr cohn-bendit wish to speak ? that is the proper procedure , but i shall not give anyone preferential treatment .
the minutes of yesterday ' s sitting have been distributed .
i would remind the honourable members that speaking time is for asking questions , not for making statements .
questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive written answers ( see annex ) .
i therefore sent this letter only today .
( the sitting was opened at 10.05 a.m. )
colleagues , under the circumstances i propose that we refer this matter back to committee .
mr wagner 's report clearly shows the importance of an integrated european energy network , in order to be able to guarantee security of supply and diversification of sources .
subject : alpine convention - the environmentally sensitive pan-alpine region in its sections on the environment and transport , the alpine convention provides a definition of the environmentally sensitive pan-alpine region .
finally , parliament should have full and substantial information at its disposal at all stages of the negotiation , with due regard for reasonable confidentiality .
first of all , because you then ignore the precautionary principle and secondly because the existing theory does demonstrate convincingly that the greenhouse effect is manmade .
( the president cut the speaker off )
those who supported the treaty as a treaty for jobs and for investment should now provide the jobs and the recovery .
yet there has been a major slowdown in this growth in recent years because of problems relating to the production , processing and distribution of these products .
the vote will take place tomorrow ( tuesday , 18 may 2010 ) .
subject : non-compliance by airlines with regulation no . 261 / 2004
( the president declared the common position approved as amended )
mr president , on behalf of the greens , we also withdraw our motion for a resolution .
that concludes the explanations of vote .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the main features of the report before us are its aim , its scope , its content and its orientation .
thank you , commissioner , for creating a quadrilogue for us .
( de ) this insertion would make clear that the financial crisis has a negative impact on the overall economy .
educating through sport means ensuring democratic values for future generations and this must appear in the treaties .
perhaps , as commissioner rehn has outlined , we will resolve all these problems by october 2006 , but these two countries must accede .
b5-0161 / 99 by mr papayannakis and others , on behalf of the gue / ngl group , on the nuclear accident in japan ;
there is few information concerning differences in the effects of medication on women. even those intended specifically for women , are normally tested on men only .
the next item is the council statement following the resignation of the commission , followed by a debate .
it is my great pleasure to welcome this delegation and wish the interparliamentary conference every success .
thank you very much , mr stevenson. may i assure you that the quaestors will look into the matter tomorrow on the basis of what you have just said .
mr president , i join with previous speakers in demanding the immediate and unconditional abolition of the death penalty in the united states , and everywhere else in the world .
combating cancer in the enlarged eu ( debate )
so , we want to protect the franc today , in order to avoid the dollar tomorrow .
now the balderelli report has been withdrawn the situation is not as bad as you think .
( the sitting was suspended at 2.10 p.m. and resumed at 4 p.m. )
mr nassauer , you have the floor .
i have received one motion for a resolutiontabled in accordance with rule 115 ( 5 ) of the rules of procedure .
in writing . - i support greater transparency in the parliament and i especially welcome transparency in regard to the gea .
mr monti should declare whether he accepts that amendment , because it is basically about the patentability of life .
if the report is adopted in the wording proposed by the rapporteur , it will be a very good report and we can all be satisfied with the outcome .
the vote will take place following the debates .
( fr ) mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the european parliament took a very important step two months ago when it rejected this interim agreement .
the next item is the statement by the president on international women 's day .
it is therefore elsewhere that the automobile industry must be steered to avoid future bankruptcies because we must prepare for the post-car era .
i agree with the objectives of the 3rd maritime package .
this issue , together with energy security , climate change and the financing of the mitigation and adaptation to climate change , will be the focus of next week 's meeting .
thirdly , we can do more on cap simplification to reduce the bureaucratic burden and , yes , to decriminalise farmers who make honest mistakes through minor breaches .
i would stress the fact that the public authorities have a major role to play at regional level , as well as national and european level .
that is why we have voted against this report .
governments which use guns against their own citizens lose all democratic legitimacy. the violence must be halted , and those responsible put on trial .
thank you very much , commissioner de palácio .
we voted in favour of this report , as it contains many positive aspects , of which i wish to highlight the following :
mr evans , you had one minute to speak , not two .
as there is plenty of time before the vote , i intend to apply the catch-the-eye system so that members not on the list of speakers can take the floor .
let us not forget that universities are themselves a collection of actors and institutions - schools , professional training , businesses , citizens - for whom the commission 's policy is intended .
delegating the authority to award qualifications to companies which have the technical expertise needed for the job , and which are independent of shipowners ;
mr blak will explain it to you .
( parliament rejected the request ) president. the order of business is adopted thus amended .
eu external policies in favour of democratisation ( debate )
member of the commission . - ( nl ) the answer to both questions is ' yes ' .
the countries must have a full participatory role , no matter what financial mechanisms are in place to distribute this financial support .
i endorse mrs damião 's report and congratulate her warmly on her work .
thank you , mr president and mrs de sarnez. this is excellent work , and it is well worth going forward from here .
the word ' education ' and the word ' training ' contain the fundamental concept of socialisation which is one of the pillars of structuring a society .
( in successive votes , parliament adopted the three legislative resolutions )
agenda of the next sitting : see minutes
can the commission provide information on the outcome of this meeting ?
question no 58 by lennart sacrédeus ( h-0496 / 02 ) :
b5-0568 / 2001 by mr haarder et al , on behalf of the group of the europe liberal , democrat and reform party ;
secondly , the independent scientific studies to date do not justify amending the scientific basis for these exposure limits .
the next item is the joint debate on the oral questions ( b4-1162 / 98 , b4-1163 / 98 , b4-1164 / 98 , b4-0005 / 99 , b4-0008 / 99 and b4-0010 / 99 ) on the world financial crisis and european industry .
the debate is closed. the vote will take place at the end of the debates .
under these conditions , the position currently held by the paying member states seems to us to be entirely justified .
the debate is suspended. it will continue at 3 p.m.
i hereby declare resumed the session adjourned on thursday , 7 february 2002 .
secondly , it has created an agency which is being given authority , competences , responsibility and the capacity to coordinate , which i believe is an extraordinary victory for the citizens .
i am going to give the floor for half a minute to mr mölzer , who felt he was alluded to in a speech by another member .
the council discusses and reaches almost all of its decisions in closed session. despite this , members of the council repeatedly disclose details of these meetings .
( the sitting was closed at 11.10 a.m. )
hence my appeal to support the amendments calling for a vote by secret ballot .
the vote on the motions for resolutions will take place tomorrow at 10 a.m.
in any case , the reports of the international organisations on slovenia talk of a functioning market economy and respect for the copenhagen criteria setting the level to be achieved .
( the president cut off the speaker )
there is no doubt that the kingdom of morocco is currently occupying the western sahara and this territory is currently undergoing a process of self-determination .
modern terrorism has a new way of operating , but it must be fought by the eu with the same strength and determination demonstrated in fighting traditional terrorism .
question no 15 by maría izquierdo rojo ( h-0777 / 96 )
a policy to reduce interest rates is also necessary both to help reduce budget deficits and to help boost economic growth .
the next item is questions to the commission ( b5-0001 / 2003 ) .
parliament stated in a decision at the start of negotiations that the political criteria should be met at the start of negotiations and not at the end .
the vote will be taken tomorrow at noon .
we are caught between a rock and a hard place. it is heartbreaking to see innocent children being sacrificed by their own leaders for purely personal , political motives .
we have voted against the report for the following reasons :
we should make sure that the revenues coming from sport activities are legally obtained and taxed according to the law .
the report points the finger at islam , fostering discrimination and undermining respect for different religions and cultures .
ireland has demonstrated what can be achieved through planned economic goals and commitment to their implementation .
i naturally support mr tindemans ' proposal .
subject : eu and a global traffic safety effort
subject : declaration by the eu presidency concerning the island of perejil
the second element which interfered with the debate was the use that certain monopolies made of that very confusion , as they saw that their privileged positions were threatened .
but i will consult the rapporteur so that he can enlighten us with his wisdom .
rapporteur . - ( de ) mr president , i would like the word ' luxembourg ' to be included in this proposal .
2. community action on the provision of cross-border health care ( vote )
a permanent inspection body , to make inspections easier ;
5. european year of intercultural dialogue ( 2008 ) ( vote )
i therefore voted in favour of this report .
furthermore , the european parliament recently agreed that eu institutions should be able to adopt effective measures to combat terrorism , particularly as regards search and capture orders within europe .
it is to express our absolute rejection of the report ’ s concerns that we have voted against it .
the next item is the debate on the oral question to the council on the council ’ s strategy for the seminar of governmental experts on climate change ( b6-0234 / 2005 ) ,
this is why i voted for the daul report .
the european union needs an integrated , common and coherent energy policy , as well as a long-term strategy to ensure the member states ' energy independence .
questions 9 to 38 will be answered in writing ( 2 ) .
please think again and come back with a new proposal .
concerning allocations , alfa 1 has a budget of eur 32 million and alfa 2 a budget of eur 42 million .
continue to provide transitional support to regions which have exceeded 75 % on an actual , not just a statistical basis ;
all of us want human rights to be uppermost in the minds of national and european legislators. in most cases they are .
if the technicians say they closed the vote before the president announced it was closed , i have to declare it invalid. we shall therefore repeat the vote .
other representatives of our group will adopt a position on problems relating to the structural funds in their speeches .
in writing . - ( sv ) we swedish social democrats voted in favour of mr buzek 's report on the european strategic energy technology plan .
i have therefore voted against the report .
( fi ) mr president , to some extent , i understand the frustration felt by some of my fellow members concerning the urgency of a resolution on cesare battisti .
the vote will take place on thursday , 13 december 2007 .
i must congratulate mrs ainardi on her excellent work .
article 61 : stresses that the public ' s wish for ethically-motivated limits on genetic engineering and biotechnology is justified ...
mr president. i would have been most unhappy , indeed i would not have been able to sleep , had you not given me this opportunity to speak .
mr robles piquer has a point of order .
11. addressing the challenge of water scarcity and droughts in the european union (
we must abstain from voting on this report. it contains many good observations but we are unable to support some of the points .
the prize giving ceremony will be on wednesday , 16 december in strasbourg .
the european commission must support , using the instruments which it has available , the integrated initiatives for extending member states ' infrastructure networks , especially in the new member states .
650 000 employees. i hope we do not have many more of these derogations because they will only compound the problems we already face .
for the moment , we are trying to establish whether a resolution should be drawn up. the debate will take place this afternoon .
we take good note of your comments. we thank mr liikanen .
in your interventions you have raised a series of doubts and questions which i would like to clarify .
we would also like to emphasize the need for this type of agreement with third countries to be subject to improved scrutiny with regard to the budget .
1. election of the european ombudsman ( vote )
mr president , commissioner , i hope that our european parliament ' s relationship with the central american parliament works , in any event , much better than the microphones in this house .
as we have been reminded , on 30 september , several cows which were drinking water at the tunnel exit presented neurotoxic symptoms and had to be destroyed .
would that humanity could only see the futility of such wars .
unfortunately , there is no land-based alternative to sinking the pipeline in the sea , but it demands that the marine environment be protected .
perhaps they will do so in writing .
the next item is the commission communication on public finances in the economic and monetary union .
mr president , on a point of order , even the interpreters cannot keep up with you. would you please slow down. there are people making mistakes in the voting. please !
texts of agreements forwarded by the council : see minutes
( the president proposed that the question be answered in writing )
amendments which , without justification , detract from the powers delegated by the legislator to the commission under existing law , namely amendment no 107 .
we are giving real help to ships in distress to ensure that they are properly handled in emergency situations , closing a loophole in the safety chain .
( fr ) it has to be said that the recovery of community funds , following irregularities or fraud , remains insufficient. the financial regulation needs to be applied more rigidly , and revised .
joint resolution on the annual legislative programme
the above is partly substantiated by commissioner byrne in his replies during the debate and is therefore worth considering when drafting the requested evaluation or new legislation .
mr president , i always like it when terry wynn speaks in tongues but i do not think it is pentecost yet .
the next item is the statements on the future of europe sixty years after the second world war .
τhe next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
5. system of taxation applicable in the case of parent companies and subsidiaries of different member states (
( in successive votes , parliament adopted the two legislative resolutions )
tourism is an important industry in europe , with camping and caravanning being one of the primary and fastest growing ways of taking one 's holidays .
. this report confirms a number of the objections that we have made , namely :
. – mr president , for three years now , and under the gaze of a powerless international community , darfur has been the victim of a terrible tragedy .
i should like to make one final remark : i am concerned about the renewed tension between ethiopia and eritrea. the european union must also exercise vigilance in this respect .
[ com ( 2001 ) 111 - c5-0094 / 2001 - 2001 / 0052 ( cns ) ]
in addition , we understand the council wishes to amend this document and , therefore , we do not see why we , as parliamentarians , should not also have that right .
( de ) madam president , the only good news from the ravaged country of zimbabwe is that what we are currently seeing are probably the final months of the mugabe regime .
i take away with me the need for people to see our working crisis management enhanced and to see it properly reflected in the european service .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
thank you , mrs figueiredo. unfortunately , i cannot give you an answer , because i can no longer remember myself what the group chair said at midday today .
commissioner , open your portfolio and this time divide to north , south , east and west because that is your duty as commissioner .
there is no doubt that our hopes for a peaceful future depend on the good work of the various cross-border and north-south initiatives funded under this programme .
( fr ) mr president , energy is not an area over which the european union has jurisdiction. mr piebalgs , congratulations on all that you are doing .
i should like to congratulate all concerned once again for managing to find a compromise that satisfies both the council and parliament .
we have in fact obtained all the changes and safeguards we requested .
( the president declared the common position approved as amended )
unfortunately we do not have the opportunity to hear the committee on women 's rights and gender equality because ms podimata is not available at this moment .
thirdly , it has been clarified that the agreed international accounting standards will be published in their legally binding form in the official journal in all the official languages .
before the vote on amendment no 51
( the president cut off the speaker )
you have four minutes for your speech .
mr president , i am delighted to inform you that my group will vote in favour of this report tomorrow , and i thank mr gauzès once again .
mr president , i would like to pick up a comment of mr andrews. he stated that you had written a letter to ...
i am chairing this sitting , not mr cohn-bendit. we just moved to the catch-the-eye procedure. that is why you took the floor , so there are no privileges at all .
the principal points are as follows :
mr president , i would like to raise the issue of the travel ban imposed by belarus , which prevents children affected by the chernobyl nuclear disaster from travelling abroad .
opening of the millennium round ( continued )
as usual , the european council will also discuss current issues in foreign policy , such as the middle east , the western balkans and the korean peninsula .
question no 4 by malcolm harbour ( h-0435 / 03 ) :
texts of agreements forwarded by the council : see minutes
( es ) madam president , i understand the difficulty of the undertaking , and i acknowledge and commend the work done by the rapporteurs .
we therefore thank you once again , mr ciampi , for being here with us and we hope that your words will be heard outside this chamber .
i am voting in favour of gunnar hökmark 's report on a european policy on broadband .
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
we have come a long way with the council and the commission by clearing up contentious areas , excluding as many ambiguities as possible and reaching the second-reading agreement .
the next item on the agenda is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
mr president-in-office , you quoted mitterrand as saying ' nationalism is war ! ' . our reply must be : ' europe is peace ! ' .
one-minute speeches on matters of political importance
i have received seven motions for resolutions pursuant to rule 37 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
eu support is also desirable for ongoing projects like the black sea ring highway , pan-european transport corridors 8 and 9 , and the transport connections between the black sea ports .
i would therefore ask that we demonstrate caution and serenity in accepting a number of reasonable requests that my group has submitted in the form of amendments .
i conclude that the entire proposal should be placed in the waste paper basket and recycled , but not into another wet blanket , please .
the procedure and timetable employed are as follows :
mr president , thank you very much for your address which , as you see , has had a great impact on the people assembled in this chamber .
corrections to votes and voting intentions : see minutes
interpretation of the rules of procedure : see minutes
mr dartmouth , you may respond to mr lamberts later in the corridor. however , what the regulations do not allow is for one question to be answered with another .
the world assesses the european union 's commitment to equality , justice and fair-play by the way it treats those fleeing war and persecution .
mr president , the eu 's strategy for jobs sounds good , but the reality behind the scenes is very different .
11. request for waiver of the immunity of massimo d 'alema (
the european parliament must send a clear message of ' hands off ' to the greedy media moguls .
the vote will be taken at 5.30 p.m.
he also said , ' these two texts demonstrate that the european union is truly committed to promoting legal immigration ' .
maritime transport on the mediterranean sea takes place under different conditions from transport across straits .
the situation in india is appalling as 50 million women are missing because they are eliminated right from the stage of conception .
these questions demand answers , and no satisfactory answers have been given .
madam president , i strongly support passenger rights and , in particular , increased rights for disabled people .
( de ) empty togetherness is nothing but accompanied loneliness .
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
furthermore , both the commission and the bank increasingly work on the basis of national poverty reduction strategies defined by the developing countries themselves .
i would like to add that i believe we should be conducting this debate in brussels rather than in strasbourg .
the same applies to the water supply. it is relatively straightforward to poison water. we can all imagine how immense the consequences of that would be .
well , mr patten , i can only hope for your sake that the doctor uses the right hold , and i propose that we now embark on the debate .
question no 1 by roy perry ( h-0387 / 02 ) :
i have the impression , commissioner , that you could swim well with sharks if you had to .
decision makers shall be directly accountable through the ballot box to those who must abide by their decisions in each country .
report without debate ( a5-0429 / 2001 ) by mr gemelli , on behalf of the committee on petitions , on the strengthening of citizens ' right of petition and revision of the treaty
the commission is ready to take into account the special considerations which apply to the health-sector professions in order to find appropriate solutions within the wider context of simplification .
the vote will take place on tuesday , 5 july 2011 .
question no 49 by inger schörling ( h-0598 / 96 )
secondly , can the commission guarantee that it will finance any supposed or actual development plans based directly or indirectly on areas previously occupied by forests that have been burned ?
in accordance with the rules of procedure , i can allow one member to speak in favour .
trade is what makes the world go round. europe should promote the kind of trade described , and it is the commissioner 's duty to ensure that it does so .
in english it would read , ' the member states within the council and the commission ' , with deletion of ' and the member states ' .
these measures will damp down a certain radicalism developing in this sector which is adding to the unacceptable social tension .
i would like to say that only one question per speech is foreseen , because otherwise we might not finish the debate .
mr president , mr barroso , ladies and gentlemen , allow me to address my first few words to a country that is suffering pain and tragedy : haiti .
in paragraph 20 , take out the word ' revolutionary ' before ' land reform commission ' .
please do not fail to represent at the g20 summit the views of the majority of europe .
( a ) information and health education for european citizens
what action does the council intend to take to prevent and avoid attacks of this kind within the territory of the european union ?
22. an effective raw materials strategy for europe (
( the sitting was closed at 5 40 p.m. )
oral questions and written declarations ( submission ) : see minutes
( it ) madam president , ladies and gentlemen , today , i voted in favour of the oral question on international adoption in the european union .
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i am a newly elected member of this parliament , and this own-initiative report is therefore my first report as an mep .
i agree with all the other proposals mr blokland has presented , however , and am glad that agreement has been reached between all three institutions .
does it intend to redesign these networks to provide information to european citizens more effectively and , if so , which financial mechanisms does it propose to use ?
competition that might harm the economic development of member states is in total opposition to the notion of european solidarity and cohesion .
secondly , in linking the union 's policy with the millennium development goals .
14 . 2008 discharge : european chemicals agency
europeans are preparing to make their christmas purchases , and we must guarantee that the products that they buy comply with all the safety requirements .
unfortunately , our proposals to ban modified organisms in organic food were not accepted ; but the fight continues with the workers for healthy crops and healthy food .
the commission fully endorses the objectives of racial tolerance , social harmony and full respect for human rights which underpin the european parliament 's motion for a resolution .
fifth , a self-assessment guide to the markets for smes , which will help entrepreneurs decide for themselves whether their companies have the potential for stock market flotation .
the ppe group is also pleased that amendments have been adopted relating to :
mrs aelvoet , this amendment has not been presented in the correct way. you are presenting it orally. this is not at all in accordance with the rules of procedure .
problems and prospects concerning european citizenship ( short presentation )
as they deal with the same subject , the following questions will be taken together :
i declare the session of the european parliament adjourned .
before communicating the result of the election of the president-designate of the commission , we will wait a few minutes for mr barroso to arrive .
b5-0225 / 2003 by mrs gonzález álvarez and others , on behalf of the confederal group of the united european left / nordic green left , on guatemala .
10. european statistics on tourism (
europe must show that it is capable of producing and marketing such products. it must also carve itself a niche in the rapidly expanding market of environmental technologies .
and that was the experience of a former prime minister who is now an mep .
we need a real ' cultural revolution ' if we want to prevent an ageing society from being seen as a society in regression .
thank you , mr watson , for clarifying that ; it helps the atmosphere in this house. the commissioner has every right to demand that such things be sorted out .
. the moderate delegation has today abstained from voting in the final vote on the resolution .
i have received five motions for resolution tabled under rule 115 ( 5 ) .
thirdly , eur 400 000 in commitments and payments is added to line 15 04 47 : ' european year for intercultural dialogue ' .
approval of minutes of previous sitting : see minutes
ladies and gentlemen , poor women and single-parent families are particularly vulnerable to poverty and exclusion , and must therefore be given special attention and the corresponding support .
commission expert groups and balanced representation and transparency ( debate )
i know that there is a match , mr ebner , but we must press on .
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
merely because of these two options , i decided , contrary to my convictions , to vote against this resolution .
the vote will be taken tomorrow at 9.00 a.m.
unfortunately , the salient feature of this report is its manifest desire to advance the positions of the european parliament on matters concerning forestry policy in general .
on behalf of the ppe-de group . - ( fr ) welcome to the two jean-claudes , president trichet and president juncker !
subject : situation of the roma minority in europe and free movement of eu citizens
2. the commission communication ( com ( 2001 ) 438 - c5-0423 / 2001 - 2001 / 2168 ( cos ) ) on the draft joint employment report 2001 .
the central focus is the patient 's right to information , with the active participation of organisations that represent citizens , particularly patients. we voted in favour .
we should keep this aspect in mind in relation to regional development policy and we should strive to eliminate regional variations , particularly in the new member states .
progress is being monitored with regard to all the essential issues which were mentioned in the declaration of 21 september 2005 by the european community and the member states .
i will end by saying in french that i recommend ' de l 'audace , encore de l 'audace et toujours de l 'audace ' in your mission - boldness , more boldness and forever boldness .
- thank you , mr beazley. it is always important to add to the thoughts of mr tannock , who is always constructive and a source of inspiration for parliament .
. ( de ) i voted to approve the accession treaties only under protest and out of solidarity with my future colleagues .
( es ) mr president , i should like to thank mr casini for the reports on this transparency register .
1. draft amending budget no 5 / 2010 : olaf and the review of own resources (
the house observed a minute 's silence
( for the results and other details on the vote : see minutes )
rapporteur . - mr president , we agreed to change paragraph 41 and not to propose a specific biogas eu directive but to integrate it into the draft renewable energy directive .
( the sitting was closed at 11.55 p.m. )
however , if the ' santer package ' anticipates a set-aside of 0 % by the year 2000 , i wonder why the commission is now proposing a set-aside of 10 % .
the decision-making process which led to the establishment of new structural funds regulations has been followed attentively by the european parliament .
b5-0779 / 2000 , by mr dupuis and others , on behalf of the technical group of independent members , on macedonia ;
3. approval of the nomination of paweł samecki as member of the european commission (
the existence , aboard vessels carrying dangerous goods , of means for instantly combating small-scale pollution ;
the speeches that have been made may well clarify both the form and content of this matter .
can the commission report what progress has been made in its deliberations as to how eu structural funds will be organized after 1999 ?
question no 60 by mihail papayannakis ( h-0469 / 02 ) :
the composition of the european institutions must be changed in good time. it is hoped that the summit will draw up a schedule for this .
the following seven amendments are acceptable in part : 1 , 15 , 16 , 26 , 27 , 33 , 35 .
the vote will take place tomorrow .
mr president , it is not just a procedural matter ; it is a personal , political matter ...
composition of parliament : see minutes
subject : financial assistance to european-level parties replying to my oral question h-0268 / 00 in parliament on 12 april 2000 , the commission took the view that :
madam president , i thank the honourable member for this remark , but i would like to inform her that i am a representative of poland , not lithuania .
the next item is the final draft agenda as drawn up at the conference of presidents pursuant to rule 110 of the rules of procedure .
( parliament referred the report back to committee )
may i ask that this be rectified ?
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting
i therefore feel that both aspects of the programme on water resources are very important : the management of water resources and water quality .
mrs izquierdo , i can tell you that my perception of this matter does not coincide with your own , very personal , opinion .
mr president , i asked for this oral question to be included in the agenda since , in my opinion , the situation in portugal is sufficiently serious to justify that .
we voted against the report and call on the peoples to fight against the full frontal attack by capital and the policy of the εu .
nevertheless , mr president , inspired by my commitment to the victims , i have presented an amendment to mr borghezio ’ s report : amendment 4 , which relates to forms of terrorist funding .
13. amendment of directive 2004 / 49 / ec on safety on the community 's railways ( vote )
i note your request , which i personally welcome , and we will try to deal with it while complying with parliamentary rules , as we conduct the votes .
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , it is a great pleasure for me to appear before you again , here in the european parliament .
i cannot accept either the indifference of some people , or the half-heartedness of this text. that is the reason why i abstained .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
.i voted against rejecting the text. in fact , i should have liked the opportunity to give my verdict on the amended text .
oral question ( o-0080 / 02 - b5-0500 / 02 ) - by raina a. mercedes echerer , daniel marc cohn-bendit , monica frassoni , heide rühle and jean lambert - media concentration
subject : discrimination against the polish minority in lithuania
madam president , this is the second session that we are holding in october .
i expect a large number of responses to the green paper from the many stakeholder organisations in the field of health that have expressed concerns about this important issue .
composition of committees and delegations : see minutes
mr president , i can only agree with the statement that georgia 's best response to russian aggression must be more democratic reforms .
a tougher line by auditors on communication and information requirements , including ' naming and shaming ' and the use of financial corrections in confirmed cases of fraud ;
agenda for next sitting : see minutes
i thank the rapporteur , and i commend these amendments to the house .
the number of deaths on the roads in the eu in 2006 was about 43 000 , including about 5 500 in poland ;
6. convention on the protection of the european communities ' financial interests ( vote )
at the very least , the attacks on freedom of expression and the poor administration of the judicial system there must be denounced .
( for the results and other details on the vote : see minutes )
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports and oral question :
i have received six motions for resolutions to wind up the debate pursuant to rule 103 of the rules of procedure .
you have mentioned two aspects which i would like to stress : the regional dimension and efficiency .
subject : investigation into care homes in bulgaria
the vote will take place at 6.00 p.m.
agenda for next part session : see minutes
we support a radical reform of the sugar sector within the eu. it is absurd to prop up an uncompetitive market through extensive protectionism and significant financial aid .
the necessity of galileo for autonomous esdp operations and for the common foreign and security policy ( cfsp ) ;
in writing . - i could not support today 's motion for a resolution on the fight against terrorism for a number of reasons .
what technical and financial measures will the commission take to halt this nuisance ?
i voted in favour of the motion for a european parliament resolution on the situation in zimbabwe , condemning the mugabe regime .
this past decade , workers have seen their incomes shrink , industrial relations worsen , their insurance rights evaporate and health and education services deteriorate and made into privatised commodities .
. we voted in favour of the report because it included some of our proposals , which improved upon the original text in the vote in plenary .
τhe next item is the oral explanations of vote .
thank you , commissioner orban. the debate is closed. the vote will take place after the debate .
do you intend to take appropriate measures so that the european internal market will finally be a reality for citizens ?
the vote will take place tomorrow ( tuesday , 21 september 2010 ) at 12 : 00 .
i declare the session of the european parliament adjourned .
nor can i support the decision to set up a new european transport fund , as approved by 368 votes , with 145 against and 13 abstentions .
if we can adopt this proposal with a large majority , we will be able to give a new impetus to the internal market .
mrs ferrero-waldner , you now have the floor to answer mr smith 's supplementary question .
( the president cut off the speaker )
the next item is voting time .
since the rapporteur 's proposal leads in a completely different direction , i have chosen to vote against the resolution .
. ( fr ) why not , when we are aware of the consequences of feeding bovines on animal meal , develop the production of plant proteins for animal feed instead ?
withdrawal of mr le pen ' s parliamentary mandate
according to the official statistics published by eurostat for 2006 , the education drop-out rate among young europeans aged between 18 and 24 is 15,3 % .
this directive , which concerns the work of seamen under the maritime labour convention , will allow seamen in the european union to secure decent working conditions .
the regulation imposes the payment of penalties on light commercial vehicle manufacturers for exceeding the average specific emissions defined in it .
therefore , it is vital that any moves towards liberalisation will have to be preceded by a full state-by-state evaluation of the economic , employment , social and community effects .
can anyone say what the european union is waiting for before it reacts ?
council priorities for the meeting of the united nations human rights commission in geneva
the next item is the continuation of the debate on the statement by the president-designate of the commission .
the next item is question time ( b6-0002 / 2006 ) .
member of the commission . - mr president , i very much welcome mrs striffler 's report , as well as parliament 's involvement in and continued strong advocacy for effective european humanitarian action .
on the strictly financial response raised by mr titley and mr duff , i am in full agreement with them .
13. application of the principle of mutual recognition to judgments in criminal matters (
1. uganda : anti-homosexual draft legislation ( vote )
in writing . - i support any work which strengthens the work of the european works councils .
president of the commission . - of course we are keeping this parliament fully informed. as i said earlier , commission vice-president kroes met the relevant committees of this parliament yesterday .
may we all have the strength !
the vote will take place on thursday at 11.30 a.m.
the four areas where the hungarian authorities agreed to amend their law are the following .
the next item on the agenda is the commission ’ s statement on the report on progress made by bulgaria and romania in the enlargement process .
this in an impressive list and the commission , echo and the various aid organisations involved deserve credit .
( parliament agreed to the proposal ) i shall therefore read out the letters .
agenda for next sitting : see minutes
madam president , please excuse me , but what i have to say does not concern the minutes. i would simply like to support ....
[ com ( 2001 ) 100 - c5-0079 / 2001 - 2001 / 0056 ( cod ) ]
the forwarding of the proposed status settlement to the un security council last monday took the kosovo status process into its final , decisive stage .
mr president , i am sorry to ask for the floor on a point of order , but the socialist group has now been attacked several times ...
( the president asked the speaker to slow down )
would the council consider enabling eu citizens of gibraltar to cast their vote in or for another eu country , if they are unable to do so through the uk ?
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
the vote will take place on wednesday at 12 noon .
the next item is the report ( a5 ­ 0003 / 2000 ) by mr marinho , on behalf of the committee on legal affairs and the internal market , on :
written statements ( rule 142 of the rules of procedure )
in this respect , we follow the line as expressed by the presidency , but also by the commission , neither of whom mentioned qualification this afternoon .
therefore i call upon the house to accept this report only if at least amendments nos 6 and 7 are adopted .
b5 ­ 0393 / 2001 by mr andrews , mrs muscardini and mr segni , on behalf of the uen group , on forced labour of african children .
in addition , it supports improved use of intelligent transport systems , with requests for accessibility and interoperability alongside flexible instruments. finally , it encourages active participation in local urban mobility forums .
the reports under discussion , especially the perry report , not only fail to oppose the guidelines in the white paper , their sole criticism is of the delay in implementing them .
finally , we have to ensure that organisations that receive funding support get the information in good time , so that money is spent efficiently as well as effectively .
subject : irresponsible rise in cases of bovine spongiform encephalopathy ( bse ) or ' mad cow disease ' in spain
approval of the minutes of the previous sitting : see minutes
at kyoto , the result achieved regarding climatic protection - without being ideal , far from it - was considerable and that is thanks to the action of the european union .
on the basis of these three issues , we must try to optimise the facilities connected with air transport , which is a rapidly developing sector .
– madam president , i would like to return to the issue raised by mr pinheiro , the gas natural-endesa takeover bid .
i should personally like to say , moreover , that this report does not even refer to the most important form of nonconventional medicine : red and white wine .
the vote will take place tomorrow morning .
without a doubt , should it be our priority to ensure that our people are protected against the dangerous affects of nuclear waste .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i am pleased to speak in this debate dealing with a key proposal for the process of european construction .
i look forward to the charter of fundamental rights being solemnly proclaimed in nice .
the vote will take place today at 12 : 00 .
all the principles in the european economic recovery plan must feature in national economic recovery plans .
this legislation is unnecessary at a european level. most member states already have their own anti-discrimination measures designed to suit their own culture and their own circumstances .
the amount of the community 's contribution is , however , bound by the rules of the structural funds .
i have received six motions for resolutions tabled in accordance with rule 110 ( 2 ) of the rules of procedure .
lastly , i want to refer in particular to women , who continue to experience the greatest difficulties in running this type of enterprise .
- before the vote on paragraph 22 , first indent :
7. provision of audiovisual media services ( codified version ) (
my first question is this : do you anticipate that the instrument you are proposing might be applicable to the integration of financial markets and the requisite tax regulation thereof ?
oral question ( o-0045 / 02 - b5-0498 / 02 ) by graham watson - ' internal market : media pluralism and enlargement '
fine. thank you , mr president. i am not satisfied with what the commissioner had to say .
as various members have said , it is about ordinary people , about pensioners and taxpayers. i must re-emphasise that we are nationalising losses , and that cannot be right .
6. rights of passengers when travelling by sea and inland waterway (
( the president cut off the speaker )
there are three things which help piracy to spread : technological facilities and the cheap cost of copying , adverse economic conditions and the penetration of the internet .
( de ) madam president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i would like to thank the rapporteur for his persistent and positive work .
i would like to highlight three elements of the recast directive which , from our point of view , represent substantial progress compared with the situation to date .
in this framework , the role of the union and its member states , both directly and in international initiatives , is obviously decisive .
( the president cut off the speaker )
approval of minutes of previous sitting : see minutes
unemployment is the main cause of poverty in most countries in the european union. we need more and better economic growth and that means more and better employment opportunities .
– mr president , commissioner , i consider that parliament has done a very good job. my warmest congratulations to our rapporteur , mr buzek .
the commissioner is scheduled to speak immediately after your speech , mr whitehead .
is this not a case of double standards ?
members voting : 594blank or void : 26votes cast : 568
type-approval of hydrogen powered motor vehicles ( debate )
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , allow me to make a few comments on this matter from the standpoint of the committee on budgets .
no , i cannot be more specific at this time. when we are ready i will announce it in parliament .
the point that the honourable member raised expresses a legitimate and understandable concern. i will relay it to commissioner verheugen .
among other grounds , the commission considers that the main objective of the tax is to strengthen the autonomy of the regions , giving them the means to generate tax revenue .
( es ) mr president , i want to thank the commission for having presented this proposal. i believe it is positive and will help us to reduce unnecessary administrative burdens .
thank you very much , mr bolkestein. we shall await the end of the summer , as you have suggested .
oral questions and written declarations ( submission ) : see minutes
the policies implemented by my government in recent years have borne the same hallmark as the european priorities .
in this regard , at national level , there were ...
i had a great respect for president kaczyński. i worked in a very loyal manner with him. i did everything to be present at his funeral .
i apologise once again , commissioner , for the conditions under which you were forced to speak .
that is why i played an active part in this resolution and why i voted in favour of it .
does the council , in cooperation with the commission , want to support the construction of a further two to four plants , and if so , how ?
mr president , i welcome the production of this report by mr pirker .
– thank you. your comment will be passed on .
subject : euro note and coin counterfeiting
τhe next item is the vote .
an agreement on the action programme for customs in the community was finally reached at a meeting of the conciliation committee between parliament and the council .
. mr president , my group has given me another two minutes , and so i can deal with a number of the questions put by some of my fellow-members .
let me conclude with my compliments to mr moscovici. his report addresses all the important areas in a constructive and even-handed way .
that will be investigated , mr posselt .
question no 2 by mihail papayannakis ( h-0004 / 98 )
secondly , coordinated public intervention at national level ; and
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
i am therefore grateful to the rapporteur for her work in preparing the way for the post-amsterdam period by attempting to lay down the necessary requirements for improving transparency .
can i also say yes , i am scottish , yes , i am british , but , mr helmer , i am european as well and proud to be .
the ' polluter pays ' principle : we must underline the liability of the ship-owners and operators in this type of disaster .
the next item is the debate on the report by mrs ries on the european environment and health action plan .
b5-0433 / 2000 by van den bos , on behalf of the eldr group ;
we also noticed the astonishing refusal by the two main parties in the european parliament to express their views , this morning , on the samland report .
( the sitting was opened at 10 a.m. )
in services , further substantial liberalisation is needed with , of course , full respect for national policies and the right of the member states to regulate their public services .
we shall now proceed with the debate on the report by mr elles .
( explanation of vote abbreviated in accordance with rule 137 ( 1 ) of the rules of procedure )
– the debate is closed .
i believe that with this i have outlined the commission ’ s position and our desire to work loyally within the codecision process .
over the last 10 years 3 200 sailors have been kidnapped , 500 have been injured and 160 killed in this type of attack .
. the media 2007 programme is primarily aimed at promoting a european audiovisual market against a backdrop of strong competition from the us market .
( the president cut off the speaker )
( the president cut off the speaker )
- the council and commission statements on the common immigration policy .
finally , i should like to congratulate the rapporteur and mrs louise mcvayn , who has demonstrated to us that one person who fights can obtain results for many people .
– the debate is closed.the vote will take place today at 12 noon .
3. eu-cape verde fisheries partnership agreement (
in this debate , i ask for their response in three areas .
the next item is the joint debate on the following reports :
the directive is not as forceful as we might have hoped ; the compromise is far from being perfect and there are no binding targets , only indicative ones .
a final particularly important point has been mentioned by mr trentin , and also by some others , and involves the need to pay more attention to the knowledge economy .
b5-0443 / 2001 by luigi vinci , on behalf of the gue / ngl group , on the situation in nepal ;
( the sitting was closed at 11.51 p.m. )
member of the commission . - madam president , i believe that this debate again has proven that , on issues of human rights and democracy , parliament is a lighthouse .
mrs breyer , thank you for mentioning all these very important problems .
action taken on parliament 's positions and resolutions : see minutes
the commission is drafting a report on the impact of the attacks on 11 september on the air transport industry .
on the vote on amendment 5 :
it is clear that , as long as the lra is armed , they will shoot , kill , and abduct children rather than negotiate peace .
we are delighted to welcome mr solana , and i shall waste no time in inviting him to speak .
the next item is the debate on the following five motions for resolutions :
mrs oddy has the floor on a point of order .
the next item is the council and commission statements on the international situation .
i have received six motions for resolutions pursuant to rule 37 ( 2 ) .
i also regret that we have missed the opportunity to amend the annexes. i shall end simply by expressing my full agreement with everything that mrs sommer has said .
as far as my recommendations are concerned , i also wish to assure you that the request i make ...
the vote will take place at 5.30 p.m.
the vote will take place on wednesday .
the smaller producers , on the other hand , could suffer from the 31 % reduction in the guaranteed price .
madam president , i have a number of comments on the wynn report on the discharge for the 1994 financial year .
- ( sk ) according to government archives and available literature , the communist regime in slovakia sentenced 71 168 people in the years 1948 - 1989 for alleged political crimes .
agenda of the next sitting : see minutes
by adopting this structure at three levels , we will markedly increase our chances of finally realising our main goals .
i urge the commission to submit a report to us on the use of antibiotic growth promoters by the end of 2007 .
thank you , mr blak. mrs banotti will reply immediately .
at hampton court tomorrow , the heads of state or government will discuss the challenges that globalisation poses to our economic and social models .
– it really is a serious matter when an honourable friend from greece expresses herself in such a manner against her fellow members in plenary .
32. trade and climate change ( vote )
- strategic reasons : galileo improves the autonomy of our defence systems .
are you prepared to increase aid measures in all the countries of the european union ?
what are the main objectives here for us christian democrats ? on what will we judge the results ?
and i also hope , mr president , that the council will maintain the excellent cooperation that it has enjoyed with this parliament , with the exception of recent times .
8. common rules in the field of civil aviation security (
in 1995 , the barcelona conference came up with an answer , launching the meda programme which built a new partnership on three pillars - political , economic and human .
the vote will be taken today at 6.30 p.m.
it does not , even to the slightest extent , initiate a review of the stability pact and the political-economic and political objectives that lie behind it ;
the third is quality. accommodation which may be considered exceptional in one member state may be considered average by a citizen from another member state .
to amendment 75 , which concerns article 131 , my oral amendment is to add the word ' transparent ' to the words ' reference framework ' , to give ' transparent reference framework ' .
it therefore makes it absolutely absurd to continue to encourage this immigration while wanting to combat violence against women .
( the sitting was suspended at 19.05 and resumed at 21.00 )
before the vote on amendment no 31 :
as soon as this proposal to set up the european food agency was presented by the commission on 8 november , the presidency enlisted the work of the council .
- the oral question to the commission ( o-0053 / 2006 b6-0220 / 2006 ) by guido sacconi , on behalf of the pse group , on the sustainable development strategy ;
in writing . - the targets set by the eu to reach a coordinated reduction are vital if there is to be corresponding change for the better in our environment .
that said , i would like to thank the current rapporteur , and i will be listening very carefully to what he himself has to say .
( the matter was referred back to the committee responsible )
the vote will be on thursday .
the next item is the council and commission statements on the situation in kosovo .
mr corbett , we have here the proof that it was the group who asked for that , so everything is ok. i am sorry , but everything is ok !
